The e-commerce boom has exacerbated a global truck driver shortage, but could autonomous trucks help fix the problem?
Working in a factory can mean doing the same task over and over, which could lead to chronic injury.  A battery-powered glove from Swedish company Bioservo could help workers by taking some of the strain.
In a Hong Kong warehouse, a swarm of autonomous robots works 24/7. They're not just working hard, they're working smart; as they operate, they get better at their job.
For many years, the world's most popular emerging markets have been the so-called BRICS: Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa.
The European Union formally approved on Tuesday a new barrage of sanctions against Russia for its invasion of Ukraine, which include bans on investments in the Russian energy sector, luxury goods exports and imports of steel products from Russia.
A woman holding a sign reading "NO WAR" interrupted a live news broadcast on Russian state television Monday to denounce Russia's invasion of Ukraine. 
Fox News correspondent Benjamin Hall, who had been deployed in recent weeks to cover the war in Ukraine, has been hospitalized after being injured while reporting near Kyiv, the network said on Monday.
Russia has sent the clearest signal yet that it will soon default — the first time it will have failed to meet its foreign debt obligations since the Bolshevik revolution more than a century ago.
US oil prices briefly tumbled below $100 a barrel on Monday, unwinding a significant chunk of the recent spike caused by Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
India may take up a Russian offer to buy crude oil and other commodities at a discount, two Indian officials said, in a sign that Delhi wants to keep its key trading partner on board despite Western attempts to isolate Moscow through sanctions.
Japanese authorities ordered crypto exchanges on Monday not to process transactions involving crypto assets subject to asset-freeze sanctions against Russia and Belarus over the war in Ukraine.
As Russia's assault in Ukraine intensifies, fear of radioactive fallout from accidental or intentional attacks on Ukraine's nuclear plants, or from the use of a nuclear bomb, has triggered surging demand for potassium iodide pills.
A digital Iron Curtain may be descending on Russia, as President Vladimir Putin struggles to control the narrative about his war in Ukraine. The Kremlin has already moved to block Facebook and Twitter, and its latest step in that direction came Friday as the government announced plans to block Instagram in the country, as well. 
Meta, the parent company of Facebook and Instagram, issued a reminder on Sunday that it prohibits calls on its platforms for the assassination of high-ranking world leaders, following intense scrutiny of the company's decision last week to relax hate speech policies in Ukraine.
Citigroup, the major US bank with the biggest footprint in Russia, said Monday it will expand its exit from Russia to go beyond the long-planned sale of its consumer bank there.
Dozens of the world's biggest companies have abandoned or scaled back their operations in Russia in response to its invasion of Ukraine. 
Big tech platforms have joined the global backlash against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine, with Facebook, Google, Twitter, Spotify, Netflix and others placing at least partial restrictions on Russian content — if not exiting (or getting themselves blocked) altogether. 
Nazmin Begum has a problem: she's having to pay much more to keep her two children warm and fed as the United Kingdom endures its worst cost of living crisis in three decades.
Starbucks has a love-hate relationship with its cups. 
China's economy started the year on a bright note, with several major indicators beating forecasts. But as Covid cases in the country spike, keeping up the same pace of growth in the coming months may prove difficult.
Maria was just about to start a new job as a domestic worker in Hong Kong last month when she found out she had Covid-19.
Foxconn, one of Apple's biggest suppliers, has suspended operations in Shenzhen as China locks down the technology hub and several other regions to contain the country's worst Covid-19 outbreak in two years.
Surging oil and gas prices have raised recession alarm bells around the world. But another economic indicator is starting to look ominous: The yield curve is flattening.
President Joe Biden planned to reshape the Federal Reserve through his nominations. But Senator Joe Manchin threw a wrench into those plans Monday.
The lawyers from ClientEarth, which is a Shell shareholder, said they are seeking to hold the oil and gas company's 13 directors liable for what they call a failure to prepare for the global shift to a low-carbon economy.
Energy Vault's gravity-based technology can store wind and solar power longer than batteries. 
The auto industry has a saying: You can't build a car with 99% of the parts. But the computer chip shortage is proving that adage wrong.
Ben Morris bought his Tesla in 2020 believing that it would drive itself one day. Now he says he would settle for continuing to feel safe using its cruise control. 
NASA said Monday that NASA astronaut Mark Vande Hei will return from the ISS later this month aboard a Russian Soyuz spacecraft as previously planned. The space agency sought to reaffirm Monday that it's still working closely with Russian space agency Rocosmos on the International Space Station, despite mounting geopolitical tensions.
Pete Davidson will become the latest celebrity to fly to space with Jeff Bezos' rocket company, Blue Origin, in a brief, suborbital flight slated for later this month.
India has seen a massive boom in cryptocurrency trading since the start of the pandemic, even though authorities in Asia's third largest economy have for years expressed concerns about digital currencies, and even flirted with a ban. 
India is planning to launch a digital version of the rupee, becoming the latest country to join the rush to create state-backed virtual currencies. 
As Covid-19 wreaked havoc around the world last year, the 39-year-old son of an Indian billionaire was laying the groundwork for a plan he hoped would eventually end the pandemic.
More than two decades ago, India began its transformation into a global IT powerhouse, ushering in an era of wealth and job creation never before seen in the country. 
It was a year of IPOs for India, with over $15 billion raised. It saw unicorns approach public markets for the first time, with IPOs from Zomato & Nykaa. It also saw one of the biggest debut day flops in history, with Paytm receiving a big thumbs down on listing day.
Far-reaching global sanctions against Russia for its invasion of Ukraine are affecting the global supply of a precious commodity --  the diamonds used in jewelry. 
Ukraine's two leading suppliers of neon, which produce about half the world's supply of the key ingredient for making chips, have halted their operations as Moscow has sharpened its attack on the country, threatening to raise prices and aggravate the semiconductor shortage.
Nickel prices have soared to all-time highs in the wake of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, threatening the global transition to electric vehicles. 
Russia's attack on Ukraine is causing wheat prices to spike, exacerbating already high food prices. 
Svein Tore Holsether says the world is careening toward a food crisis that could affect millions of people.
A Finnish startup has developed a mobile app, Whim, to fix urban congestion and reduce pollution. 
Seatrec and Bedrock Ocean Exploration are two startups taking electric robots to new depths in an attempt to map the ocean floor.
Two weeks after the United Kingdom dropped its last remaining Covid-19 mitigation measure -- a requirement that people who test positive for the virus isolate for five days -- the country is seeing cases and hospitalizations climb once again.  
Things seem to be looking up as the US crosses into year three of the Covid-19 pandemic. Vaccines still do a good job of keeping people alive and out of the hospital. There's increasing access to tests and treatments. The numbers of cases, hospitalizations and deaths are heading in the right direction.
Pfizer is also hoping to make a vaccine that will protect against all variants. "If we are able to achieve that, then I think it is very easy to follow and remember so that we can go back to really the way (we) used to live," th CEO told CBS on Sunday. 

As we reach the second anniversary of the World Health Organization acknowledging Covid-19 as a pandemic on March 11, 2020, we appear to be standing on the edge of the endemic phase of this global health crisis. For many, that's the moment when we hope we can get back to our regular lives.   
Just 2% of the United States population -- about 7 million people -- lives in a county where the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention still recommends universal indoor masking, according to the latest Covid-19 community level data.
The storyline of "The Gilded Age" begins less than 20 years after slavery was abolished in the US, and so the creative forces behind the historical series would have been well within their rights to feature a Black family struggling post Reconstruction.
A Florida judge on Monday blocked the release of certain records related to the death investigation of actor and comedian Bob Saget. 
Director Jane Campion has apologized to tennis stars Venus and Serena Williams, calling a comment she made during her acceptance speech at Sunday night's Critics Choice Awards "thoughtless." 
The Rolling Stones are still rocking hard.
"Never go against the family."
Following what he calls a "heart incident," actor Bob Odenkirk is looking to another famous Bob for a new way to live.
Parton said Monday she was taking herself of the running for the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame's 2022 class, saying she didn't feel she'd "earned that right." 
Two years after his second project, the critically acclaimed "Care For Me," rapper Saba was ready to release his third full-length album -- but the pandemic changed his plans and resulted in taking a more creative approach.
William Hurt, the Oscar-winning star of "Kiss of the Spider Woman," "The Big Chill" and "Broadcast News," has died, his son, Will, told The Hollywood Reporter. 
Adele went home and recorded another concert special. 
"Ted Lasso" and "The Power of the Dog" were big winners at the 27th Annual Critics Choice Awards on Sunday.
The 75th British Academy of Film Awards were presented Sunday.
Hailey Bieber said she was hospitalized for experiencing "stroke like symptoms" earlier this week.
Singer Traci Braxton, who appeared on the reality series "Braxton Family Values" with her sisters, including Grammy-winner Toni, died Saturday at 50, her family said.
By normalizing -- and even celebrating -- one of life's most awkward phases, "Turning Red" does something not often seen on film and television, especially media aimed at kids.
Reuniting star-producer Ryan Reynolds and director Shawn Levy after their winning collaboration on "Free Guy," "The Adam Project" has the generic feel of a project created by committee, combining action, humor and smart-alecky one-liners in a way that's at best aggressively okay. That's probably enough for Netflix coming off a success with Reynolds in "Red Notice," but like the film's plot, this amounts to rehashing history.
Actor Jussie Smollett is headed to jail for lying to police and orchestrating a hate crime hoax, but with his legal proceedings largely over, the questions now turn to the former "Empire" star's future in Hollywood.
Samuel L. Jackson plays the title character in "The Last Days of Ptolemy Grey," a man with dementia who has his memory restored long enough to try and solve the mysterious death of a loved one. The limited Apple TV+ series is based on a novel by Walter Mosley.
Alicia Keys' hit song "Girl on Fire" is taking its message of female empowerment to a new audience.
Obi-Wan Kenobi is coming to streaming, as practically anyone with an internet connection knows by now. But is that the ideal venue for a project based on a beloved original "Star Wars" character? And while he might insist "It's not my fault!," how much of the blame goes to Han Solo?
Alec Baldwin's says in a legal filing Friday that Halyna Hutchins, the cinematographer on the set of "Rust," told him to cock the gun that ultimately fired a live round of ammunition, resulting in her death.
Singer Grimes and Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk have welcomed their second child together, a daughter named Exa Dark Sideræl Musk. 
A video of Kim Kardashian speaking about working women is receiving some backlash.
In Batman lore, the police summon the hero by projecting a magnified Bat-signal across the night sky. That's a fitting metaphor for the character's much-debated history in movies, which has cast an unusually large shadow thanks to fans convinced, in their minds, precisely how the Dark Knight should be depicted.
Pixar has a knack for coming-of-age tales, but few that mix the touching and adorable much better than "Turning Red," a bright and appealing animated movie somewhat surprisingly headed directly to Disney+. 
The equivalent of missing what should be an easy layup, "Winning Time: The Rise of the Lakers Dynasty" stumbles on the road to greatness, undermining can't-miss subject matter for basketball fans with an uneven, at times farcical tone. Although '80s-style excess clearly accounts for much of the sizzle, this exercise feels like a no-look pass that skips out of bounds.
"Lucy and Desi" puts a big heart around Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz, not only as the beloved stars of "I Love Lucy" and one of Hollywood's great power couples, but as TV pioneers. Drawing upon personal recordings and home videos, director Amy Poehler has served up a warm valentine that leans into celebrating their lives and away from the tabloid fodder.
While some Oscar-nominated movies are still playing in theaters, odds are if you want to catch up on the nominees, you'll be going to Streaming Land. Here's a guide.
The Oscars are about honoring the year's best movies, but they're also a TV show, devoted to attracting an audience that will benefit host network ABC and promote the movie business. And after record-low ratings in 2021, the old adage about the Lord helping those who help themselves comes to mind.
Cameron Smith claimed the PGA Tour's biggest payout on Monday after winning the Players Championship. 
Karl-Anthony Towns recorded the highest individual point tally in the NBA this season on what was a historic evening for scoring in the league. 
The NBA has fined the Brooklyn Nets organization $50,000 for allowing Kyrie Irving into the team's locker room on Sunday.
Lewis Hamilton -- seven-time world champion in Formula One -- said that he is going to change his name, incorporating his mother's surname, Larbalestier, to honor her.
When Jonathan Franks first heard that the American basketball star Brittney Griner had been detained in Russia, his initial sense was one of disbelief.
Even by Paris Saint-Germain's standards, the past week has been an eventful one.
New York Mets first baseman Pete Alonso expressed his thankfulness to be alive after he said he survived a rollover vehicle accident in Tampa, Florida, on Sunday. 
If you watch Shane Lowry play golf, he's sure to eventually make you get out of your seat. 
For almost 20 years, Roman Abramovich rocketed Chelsea from a club on the periphery of the elite to a global football superpower, but Russia's invasion of Ukraine has resulted in his reign coming to an abrupt end.
As Russia continues its invasion of Ukraine, the grim reality of war has taken center stage, with more than two million Ukrainians fleeing the country and hundreds dead, according to the UN.
Ukrainian boxers Oleksandr Usyk and Vasiliy Lomachenko are childhood friends. They grew up dreaming of fighting their way to fame and glory, and together they conquered the world with their fists.
Manchester United superstar Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 806th career goal in Old Trafford on Saturday, breaking FIFA's all-time record for most goals in competitive matches in men's football history.
Whether it was his bleach blonde hair or his devastating spin bowling which had batters quivering and quaking, Shane Warne did things his own way. 
Widely considered to be the GOAT of women's tennis, 23-time grand slam champion Serena Williams says she's still aiming to beat Margaret Court's record of 24.
Harold Varner III's rise through golf has been a steady one. 
You should never meet your idols, so the adage goes. But what if fate not only brings you together, but also places you in direct competition on one of the world's biggest sporting stages?
Nelly Korda, the world No. 2 in women's golf, is receiving treatment for a blood clot. 
The Players Championship is set for its latest finish in at least 17 years after a powerful storm delayed the PGA Tour event for a second successive day in Florida.
England's Tommy Fleetwood and American Tom Hoge finished Thursday with an early share of the Players Championship lead after a weather-disrupted opening day. 
Andriy Yarmolenko sank to his knees and buried his face in his hands, overcome with emotion after scoring the opening goal in West Ham's 2-1 Premier League win over Aston Villa.
After one of the most tumultuous weeks in the history of the club, the drama continued for Chelsea on their return home Sunday.
With sirens blaring and explosions in the distance, it suddenly dawned on a fearful 20-year-old soccer player that he was in the middle of a warzone.
A smiling, smitten Nick Kyrgios said he has never felt better following his first round win at Indian Wells - and made it clear girlfriend Costeen Hatzi is a big reason why he feels he has come of age.
Andy Murray has pledged to donate the remainder of his 2022 season's prize money to help children in Ukraine.
Novak Djokovic was featured in the men's singles draw as the No. 2 seed at Indian Wells, but he said Wednesday he won't be playing in the tournament due to his unvaccinated status.
Tom Brady's 'final' career touchdown ball has sold for $518,000 at auction, according to the auction site Lelands.
Tom Brady will return to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers next season, the seven-time Super Bowl winner announced Sunday.
Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes and his longtime girlfriend, Brittany Matthews, have tied the knot in Hawaii, according to posts on the couple's Instagram accounts.
Seven-times world champion Lewis Hamilton played down his chances of starting the Formula One season with a win and said on Saturday his Mercedes lacked a 'considerable amount' of pace.
Russian driver Nikita Mazepin hit back at the US-owned Haas Formula One team on Wednesday for firing him after his country's invasion of Ukraine and announced a foundation to support athletes unable to compete due to war or politics.
After winning his first world title last year, Max Verstappen has signed a long-term contract extension with Red Bull Racing which will keep him with the team until 2028.
At 38, Benjamin Alexander became Jamaica's first ever alpine skier to compete in the Winter Olympics -- just six years after he first strapped on skis. 
Eileen Gu and Kamila Valieva became the teenage faces of the Winter Olympics, but their memories of Beijing 2022 are likely to be wildly different.
It's the fuel that powers performance -- few things are as important to an elite athlete as their diet.
Medina Spirit died in December. The thoroughbred was finishing a workout when he collapsed near the finish line at the Santa Anita Park racetrack.
Australian jockey Chris Caserta is presumed dead after being caught in a rip current during a late-night swim, Queensland Police said on Thursday. 
Essential Quality, trained by Brad Cox and ridden by jockey Luis Saez, won the 153rd running of the Belmont Stakes on Saturday at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York.
The feeling of total vulnerability is something that would prevent most from trying rock climbing, but for Lor Sabourin, it's what they love most about the sport. 
It was a chance encounter that would change her life forever. In 2017, Nadhira Alharthy met the first Omani man to climb Everest.
Janja Garnbret can't remember a time when she wasn't climbing. 
As Tom Stoltman crouched down to pick up the fifth and final Atlas Stone, a 210-kilogram (almost 463 pounds) spherical behemoth -- slightly heavier than an upright piano -- and lift it up to a platform at shoulder height, he knew it was the only thing standing between him and becoming the 'World's Strongest Man.'
Ryan Hall may hold the fastest marathon and half marathon times for a US athlete, but these days he admits that running doesn't feel like it used to. 
It started with a two-and-a-half-mile run with his partner. Now it's a lifestyle for Robbie Balenger.
Counterpointed by a number of striking tattoos, it's a body defined by muscle. It's a body that embodies power and strength.
The rejection was brutal. At the age of 16, Priscilla Frederick-Loomis attended a model agency casting session in New York City where she was told that she was "too heavy."
She was comfortable with her body, though others were not.
Throughout the bitter winter, during rain and snow, Jon Vaughn has alternated between sleeping in a tent or a campervan outside former University of Michigan President Mark Schlissel's house.  
It was the worst news that anybody could have woken up to; as Sardar Pashaei reached for his phone one morning in September, he knew immediately that something terrible had happened.  
Athletes are trained to be tough; they've learned to push through the pain barrier and find courage when all hope might seem to be lost.
German football club Türkgücü Munich is two promotions away from the Bundesliga. It's making waves in Germany both on the sporting and political scene. Founded in 1975 by Turkish migrants in Munich, Türkgücü is Germany's first ever immigrant club to play at the fully professional level. But the club's recent rapid rise has seen it targeted by far-right supporters.
Ethiopia's government said on Saturday it would act against the perpetrators after a video appeared on social media showing armed men, some in military uniforms, burning civilians to death in the country's west.
Amazon Prime Video has secured deals with Nigerian studios Inkblot Productions and Anthill Studios, which could shake up the local film industry.
As a Black, African woman without the benefit of blue eyes or blonde hair, it's been equally emotional to see the number of racist and ignorant comments in the coverage on Ukraine that have passed unchallenged by the interviewers and media platforms that have aired them.
The Swedish-Kenyan company creating electric motorbikes, buses and 4x4s has attracted millions in investment from Africa to Silicon Valley, and attention from Uber.
Uganda has proposed steep penalties for anti-vaxxers in a new bill being studied by parliament, as the country doubles down on its Covid-19 vaccine mandate.
About 60 people were killed and dozens more wounded on Monday in an explosion at an informal gold mining site in southwest Burkina Faso, state television reported, citing local officials.
Virtue Oboro experienced every mother's worst nightmare when her newborn son was rushed into hospital for emergency treatment. He was diagnosed with severe jaundice -- and now, Oboro is on a mission to save babies and stop other families suffering.
The Nigerian military has killed and wounded children in an airstrike in neighboring Niger, a local governor in Niger, state television and an aid agency said on Sunday, although Nigeria's armed forces said they were still investigating.
As Russian troops tear through Ukraine, swathes of Africa are gearing up to bear the brunt of a potentially drawn-out conflict between the ex-Soviet republics — two of some of the continent's most cherished trading partners.
Hundreds of international students trapped in the Ukrainian city of Sumy by Russia's invasion have appealed to the world: "Help us, we are stranded."
As the Russian invasion of Ukraine continues, foreign students attempting to leave the country say they are experiencing racist treatment by Ukrainian security forces and border officials. 
Representatives from the three African nations on the UN Security Council -- Kenya, Ghana, and Gabon -- all condemned reports of discrimination against African citizens at the Ukrainian border during a meeting at the UN HQ in New York City Monday.
Russia's recognition of two pro-Russian breakaway regions in Ukraine as "independent states" has been condemned by Kenya's ambassador to the UN, who used Africa's past to warn that clinging to the legacies of colonialism risked "new forms of domination and oppression."
South Africa has passed the peak of its Omicron outbreak, according to one of the country's top scientific researchers. 
In just over a year, Africa has experienced three successful coups (two in Mali and one more recently in Guinea), one unsuccessful coup attempt in Niger, and an arbitrary military transfer of power in Chad following the assassination of its president. 
The men were shot as they slept outside, having spent their days underground, choking in the Sahel dust, digging and panning for gold. 
Senegal defeated Egypt in the Africa Cup of Nations championship match on Sunday, winning the continental championship for the first time on penalty kicks at Olembe Stadium in Yaoundé, Cameroon. 
At approximately 11am on Saturday, January 29th, in the Philadelphia area of the United States, a 27-year-old man is intending to ease his seven-foot frame into a chair -- or perhaps remain standing -- and turn on the device of his choosing, to spend 90 minutes consumed by the events unfolding on a soccer field in his birthplace of Yaoundé, Cameroon.
The image, created by Nigerian medical student and illustrator Chidiebere Ibe, struck a chord with countless people on social media, many of whom said that they had never seen a Black fetus depicted before. It also brought attention to a larger issue at hand: A lack of diversity in medical illustrations.
Across Ghana, the creation of green bonds may help pay for environmental priorities and could pave the road towards sustainability. 
Nnaemeka Ikegwuonu's startup ColdHubs provides solar-powered food storage units designed to keep food fresh at markets and farms.
Masai Ujiri, president and vice-chairman of the NBA's Toronto Raptors, opens up about being the league's only African team president and how he hopes to make an impact.
Nigeria's Tunde Onakoya and Kenya's James Kangaru are helping kids dream big on the chess board.
DJs such as Vigro Deep and DBN Gogo are bringing the deep house, log-drum driven basslines and soulful piano melodies of "Amapiano" to the world.
Through his company, NIBCARD Games, Kenechukwu Cornelius Ogbuagu is trying to change Nigeria's board game culture.
Chidiebere Ibe is a Nigerian medical student who wants his drawings to promote diversity in medical illustrations.
Africa's biggest economy has 206 million people, endemic poverty and vast energy reserves that could be harnessed to fuel development. But it's coming under huge pressure from developed countries to abandon fossil fuels and shift to renewables in order to help save the climate.
Japan has backed its condemnation of war in Ukraine with sanctions on Russian officials and oligarchs, but experts say they're not the only audience for Tokyo's outrage -- China is meant to get the message, too. 
With as few as 750 leopards left on the island, Anjali Watson is on a mission to save Sri Lanka's top predator.
Nearly a decade after Japan's Fukushima nuclear disaster, researchers have discovered that wildlife is thriving in the areas evacuated by humans, despite radiological contamination. 
The world has been inching toward fully autonomous cars for years. In China, one company just got even closer to making it a reality.
The Australian government has successfully appealed a court ruling that ordered the federal environment minister to consider the impact of carbon emissions on children when approving new coal mining projects. 
In public statements and at international summits, Chinese officials have attempted to stake out a seemingly neutral position on the war in Ukraine, neither condemning Russian actions nor ruling out the possibility Beijing could act as a mediator in a push for peace. 
Will China help Russia? That has been a big question since Russia invaded Ukraine last week. The two nations have forged close economic ties in recent years, with Chinese leader Xi Jinping calling Russian President Vladimir Putin his "best and bosom friend" in Moscow in 2019. 
The Asian financial hub is committed to keeping Covid cases at zero, despite contending with a runaway outbreak. 
Two months ago, I called my grandma to tell her I'd be in Beijing for the Winter Olympics. She was thrilled.
"Despite months of persuasion, we have not succeeded in convincing enough people to get vaccinated." Those were the words of Austrian Chancellor Alexander Schallenberg last month as he announced the first nationwide vaccine mandate in Europe. 
When President Joe Biden passingly said in a voting rights speech last week that he had been "arrested" in the context of the civil rights movement -- even suggesting this had happened more than once -- it was a classic Biden false claim: an anecdote about his past for which there is no evidence, prompted by a decision to ad-lib rather than stick to a prepared text, resulting in easily avoidable questions about his honesty.   
The Capitol insurrection was based on a lie about the 2020 election. And for a whole year now, the insurrection itself has been lied about. 
Despite numerous debunkings, the lie that Antifa is responsible for the attack, not Trump supporters, has become pervasive among Republicans -- after being promoted by a long list of prominent right-wing people and entities. 
Voting ends in the first primaries for the 2022 midterm elections in a matter of days.
President Joe Biden is facing historically low approval ratings among independents, a trend that threatens Democrats in November's midterm elections if he can't reverse it by then.
The Democratic Party's early 2000s dream of an emerging majority based on a diversifying electorate has run into reality. Democrats lost the 2016 presidential election, and they barely won in 2020. Part of their problem was declining support among White voters.
First, it was the feud between Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and Florida Sen. Rick Scott over the latter's 11-point plan to "rescue" America if Republicans win majorities in Congress this fall.
A federal judge on Friday shut down a legal challenge to GOP Rep. Madison Cawthorn's candidacy from a group of North Carolina voters and advocacy groups who claimed that an old provision of the US Constitution banned him from running because of his role on the January 6 insurrection. 
If the election were held today, Democrats would not only lose control of the House, but suffer massive losses in their ranks.
Joe Biden has been president for a little over a year. And that year was not kind to him.
Everywhere you look, the political news is good for Republicans. 
The Federal Reserve is going to raise interest rates at its next meeting on March 16 to try to put a lid on inflation. That much we know. The only question is whether the Fed will boost rates by a quarter of a percentage point or a half-point. 
Members of sports team families and business leaders are among those pouring their personal fortunes into campaigns for office in 2022, making an early impact on primary contests for key midterm races. 
Most polls you're looking at right now are likely underestimating Republicans' position heading into the midterm election cycle. It's not that the polls are "wrong." Rather, it's that most polls at this point are asking all registered voters who they're going to vote for in November, when it's likely only a distinct subset of voters who will cast a ballot. 
Control of both chambers of Congress and dozens of governorships and state offices are on the line in 2022, the first national election since President Joe Biden defeated Donald Trump, who is using the campaign to tighten his grip on the Republican Party.
There's nothing like a Supreme Court vacancy to get people in Washington, DC, talking about the Senate. And with nine months to go until the midterm elections, here is CNN's latest look at the 10 Senate seats most likely to flip, as of right now. 
A version of this story appeared in the CITIZEN BY CNN newsletter. To get it in your inbox, sign up for free here.
The Supreme Court on Monday night denied requests from Republicans challenging congressional maps in North Carolina and Pennsylvania that had been approved by state courts, in two rulings that could benefit Democrats in the midterm elections.
On Monday night, the US Supreme Court rejected Republican-led challenges to congressional district maps in North Carolina and Pennsylvania, handing Democrats a win in each of the hotly contested states.
Florida lawmakers and Gov. Ron DeSantis engaged in a high-stakes game of chicken over the state's new congressional map on Friday, with future control of the US House of Representatives potentially at stake.
Now that 31 states have finished redrawing their congressional lines in advance of the 2022 midterm elections, one thing is now abundantly clear: Competitive seats are few and far between.
A contentious decision from the US Supreme Court in a Voting Rights Act case from Alabama this week previewed what could be a momentous legal battle over the 1965 law, which over the past several years has been repeatedly whittled down by the conservative justices. 
The North Carolina Supreme Court on Friday blocked the state's new Republican-drawn congressional and legislative maps, ruling 4-3 that they violate the state constitution.  
New York Democratic Gov. Kathy Hochul signed the state's new congressional map into law Thursday, a source familiar with the matter said, enacting a map that will likely net Democrats several seats in the US House of Representatives in this fall's midterm elections.
California will stand as a notable exception across the country because its maps are expected to yield at least seven competitive seats -- as well as a wild scramble for incumbents as they try to figure out what districts to run in.
The Republican-controlled Florida House on Wednesday night passed a voting overhaul bill that would create a new security office to investigate election crimes and increase penalties for violating the state's elections laws.
Vice President Kamala Harris on Sunday called on Congress to pass federal voting rights legislation before walking across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama, to mark the 57th anniversary of Bloody Sunday, a key moment in the civil rights moment. 
Legal challenges are expected to continue in this case, and similar lawsuits have been filed in Texas and Georgia, which will bring the issue of voting rights, racial gerrymandering and discriminatory election practices to the forefront ahead of the midterm elections.



The Supreme Court's move on a redistricting case this week comes against a backdrop of Republican-controlled states moving to adopt new voting restrictions in key battlegrounds.
A version of this story appeared in the CITIZEN BY CNN newsletter. To get it in your inbox, sign up for free here.
The Republican-led push to restrict voting continues this year as lawmakers around the country set their sights on changing election laws. 
House Majority Whip Jim Clyburn on Tuesday said voting in this year's midterm elections will be "chaotic" in the wake of a raft of new election laws passed by GOP-controlled legislatures.
The Supreme Court's action late Monday in an Alabama redistricting case foreshadows a new threat to the Voting Rights Act of 1965 and electoral opportunities for Blacks and other racial minorities nationwide. 
Today, everything is different. Pretty much every single indicator that pointed to a Democratic wave in the 2018 midterms now points to a Republican one in the 2022 midterms.
House Democrats are retiring in numbers not seen in decades as a dire political outlook, new district lines and a negative environment at the US Capitol have combined into a toxic brew for lawmakers considering their political futures.
Democratic Rep. Jim Cooper of Tennessee announced Tuesday that he will not run for reelection, becoming the latest House Democrat to head for the exits as the party faces an uphill battle to retain control of the chamber in the 2022 midterms.
Long-serving Democratic Reps. Jim Langevin of Rhode Island and Jerry McNerney of California announced Tuesday that they will not be seeking reelection in November, joining the more than two dozen House Democrats planning to retire after this term of Congress.
GOP Rep. Trey Hollingsworth of Indiana announced on Wednesday he will not seek a fourth term in November, becoming the 12th House Republican to say he won't run for reelection. 
Democratic Rep. Brenda Lawrence of Michigan announced on Tuesday that she will not seek reelection to the House this year, becoming the 25th House Democrat to announce she's leaving at the end of this term. 
There is a growing sense of gloom among Democrats in the House. And every week or so, when another Democratic member of Congress announces they won't run for reelection in 2022, the mood inside the caucus worsens.
Florida Rep. Stephanie Murphy announced Monday that she will not seek a fourth term in Congress, the latest in a rapid series of retirements within the Democratic ranks that suggest momentum is moving heavily against the party as it seeks to hold on to its razor-thin majority next November.
On Monday, Vermont Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy announced that he would leave Congress when his eighth term expires at the end of 2022.
Texas Democratic Rep. Henry Cuellar and progressive challenger Jessica Cisneros will advance to a May runoff after a neck-and-neck primary race that saw both finish below the 50% threshold necessary to secure the nomination outright, CNN projected Wednesday. 
Republican Rep. Van Taylor of Texas suspended his reelection campaign Wednesday after admitting to an extra-marital affair, which he called the "greatest failure" of his life.
Two of the biggest names in Texas politics could be headed to overtime in their efforts to fend off primary challengers.
Texas Republicans will need a May runoff to decide their nominee for state attorney general after incumbent Ken Paxton fell short of clinching a majority in Tuesday's primary, setting up a showdown with Texas Land Commissioner George P. Bush in May, CNN projects.
On Tuesday night, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton was forced into a May Republican primary runoff with George P. Bush, a victory for the Bush family in their long-running feud with former President Donald Trump.
Former President Donald Trump dramatically improved his performance in many of the counties bordering Mexico compared to four years earlier -- gains that led the GOP this year to redouble efforts to recruit and invest in South Texas candidates, including many of Hispanic descent this cycle. The question now is whether the GOP's inroads in 2020 will hold as Democrats try to cling to their House majority in November.  
Russia's war in Ukraine is roiling the global economy as policymakers race to get high inflation under control. But China's response to its worst outbreak of Covid-19 in two years is a reminder that the conflict isn't the only risk to the recovery.
Getting to know new colleagues through a box on your screen while working from home can have its challenges. 
Returning to the workforce after a career break can be difficult.
If you worked from a state other than the one where your employer is based, you may have to pay up for that privilege come tax time. 
You probably already know that you need a good credit score to get the best interest rates on a mortgage or auto loan, which can make a big difference to your budget over time. 
Mortgage rates are rising again amid fears of soaring inflation. The 30-year fixed-rate mortgage averaged 3.85% in the week ending March 10, up from 3.76% the week before, according to Freddie Mac.
Homeowners saw massive increases in wealth over the past decade, but most of the gains went to the wealthiest US households. 
There are countless things you need to think about when you get your first full-time job: How to make a good impression on your boss, connect with your colleagues and figure out how to spend that first paycheck.
With Russia's internationally condemned invasion of Ukraine, one thing is certain: No one knows exactly how things will play out. 
Russia's invasion of Ukraine helped send mortgage rates lower last week. This is the second week in a row rates have fallen, reversing weeks of increases that pushed rates close to 4%.
One of the most important things you can do when it comes to securing your financial future is to consistently live below your means. Once you've done that, however, the next step is to take any leftover cash -- whether it's a few dollars or a few hundred dollars -- and put it to work. 
Nearly half a million families are estimated to be stranded without reliable child care, exacerbating the nation's worker shortage as parents continue to stay home, according to a new report.
Across the US rent is rising so fast that in many cities buying has become more affordable than renting, even with sky-high home sale prices.
Mortgage rates increased again, rising to a level not seen since summer 2019.
Inflation is rampant in the pandemic economy, but that didn't keep Americans from opening up their wallets last month. 
America's rising prices were unrelenting in January. Another key inflation measure showed prices rising more than expected last month.
The last few weeks have served as a stark reminder that stocks can be volatile — sometimes extremely so. 
Rents in Manhattan are once again hitting new record highs, after cratering during the pandemic.
Confusion. Amnesia. New paperwork. Delays getting through to the IRS. These are some of the top pandemic-induced frustrations marking this tax filing season, both for tax preparers and their clients. 

A new generation of workers needs financial information that speaks to the unique economic struggles they're facing today. Diversifying, a new podcast from CNN Audio, changes the conversation we have about finance by addressing the emotional side of money while providing actionable steps to start investing, tackling debt and more.  
There is the growing threat that rising inflation will overwhelm the nation's strong economic recovery, resulting in a recession.  
Ensuring pay equity, creating equitable supply chains, prioritizing female representation across female-driven industries and seeking strategic partnerships that support women will help create a new cycle of lifting other women as we climb.
Over the past several months, consumer prices have risen across the board, especially for basic needs like food, gas and shelter. And low- and middle-income families are getting hit the hardest. Not only do they spend a larger share of their income meeting basic needs, they tend to have less savings to help cushion the blow of higher prices. 
Rising inflation is hitting all sectors of the economy. The overall rate of inflation on an annual basis reached 7.5% at the end of January, the highest level since 1982. Gas prices, in particular, are rising especially fast, reaching $4.25 a gallon on Wednesday, up from about $2.86 per gallon last March. That means filling a 20-gallon tank right now costs $85, up from $57.20 last year at this time.  
Building more homes for low- and moderate-income families and first-time homebuyers, and equipping these families with reliable and affordable financing tools so they can compete to buy these homes, is essential if we're to solve the nation's affordable homeownership crisis. 
With pressure to contain inflation mounting, the Fed may raise interest rates faster than it currently predicts, and further depress economic growth in 2023.
The Heating and Cooling Relief Act would significantly increase funding for the government's Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, which helps low- and moderate-income families pay their home energy bills. 
The NextGen Feds Act seeks to provide a pathway to full-time federal service to interns who successfully complete at least one year of federal internship service. 
The potentially largest contributor to a lag in employment recovery is an exodus of older workers from the labor force. For some, this may reflect health concerns related to the pandemic. Others may have reconsidered their need to work as housing and financial asset prices grew substantially.
It's going to take adding inventory of all types to significantly slow price growth and unlock homeownership for more Americans.
The rise of central bank digital currencies highlights the importance of decentralized cryptocurrencies that are relatively private and not controlled by any government. 
About 20% of greenhouse gases in the US come from homes. These are problems we can solve, as homeowners, with new technology, and through government incentives.
As has happened with "SNL" in the past, expectations that the show must jump on every egregious event coming out of Washington sometimes winds up forcing creative decisions. In the case of Trump, there were a slew of those events, many so closely resembling the theater of the absurd they were almost impossible to parody.
The Capitol insurrection — and the egregious attempts by one party first to blow up the peaceful transfer of power, the bedrock of our democracy, and then to make several attempts to ensure no election would ever again deny them power — has sweeping implications for the future. 
Christmas movies have always served up huge dollops of fantasy, so it's not surprising that a lot of folks enjoy this escape into fictional romance.
Learning to think and act like an entrepreneur emboldens students to take charge of their own destinies, and in doing so, it powers the American Dream. 
The Ban Conflicted Trading Act would ban members of Congress from trading individual stocks or similar investments and prohibit them from serving on corporate boards while in office.
It's peak ski season in Park City, and the area is busier than ever before. But our employees are getting sick, as are workers at other businesses, which is creating a massive domino effect in the city.
It's important to enact legislation to put historic levels of funding behind strengthening our supply chains, accelerating research and development in critical technologies, rebuilding manufacturing capabilities across America, and driving greater equity in STEM research and education.
Both habitat loss and the wildlife trade increase the likelihood that diseases will make the jump from animals to humans.
We would have millions fewer jobs today if Congress had not enacted the Covid relief and recovery measures it did. 
Market volatility will continue until investors figure out whether the Fed is actually serious about raising rates aggressively.
With fewer people getting sick, there should be more workers in the transportation sector (truckers and dock workers, for instance) — helping to get goods from producers to consumers.
Congress should pass a full-year spending bill to strengthen the programs that provide essential support.
Expanding recruitment efforts to people who have work experience but don't have degrees could open significant opportunities for job seekers, while broadening the talent pipeline for companies. 
Ask any nurse in the United States -- there are more than 4 million of us -- "How are you doing?" and the answer will be the same: "Nurses are not OK." After nearly two years, the Covid-19 pandemic has upended us.
With so many parents saying they're doing worse now than they were at the start of the pandemic, it's not surprising that the debate about who is responsible is getting ugly, writes Kara Alaimo, who argues American women and Democrats are the last groups who should be taking the blame. It's time we all instead turn our attention to those who are actually at fault, she says.
While there has been research to suggest a glass of wine a day can promote longevity or heart health, the consensus on alcohol's salutary effects has started to change, writes Jonathan Reiner.
Pete Davidson might be headed to space.
Please don't ask Courteney Cox to quote dialogue from "Friends" episodes.
Javier Bardem and Penélope Cruz are in good company.
There's a new voice coming to the daytime talk show scene.
Angelina Jolie drew parallels between refugees in Yemen and those suffering because of the war in Ukraine.
The trailer for Janet Jackson's forthcoming two-night documentary is "All For You."
Sidney Poitier left behind a legacy of landmark performances, from his Oscar win for "Lilies of the Field" to the Oscar-winning "In the Heat of the Night," the latter coming in a year, 1967, that also saw him star in "To Sir, With Love" and "Guess Who's Coming to Dinner."
"Cyrano de Bergerac" has been the model of a tragic love triangle for 125 years, often imitated but seldom equaled. The play turned movie under many different guises now adds a film version of the musical, "Cyrano," which provides a fine showcase for Peter Dinklage in a different take on the tortured hero but doesn't hit enough high notes to distinguish its unstained plume.
Like the first movie five years ago, "Sing 2" mostly works on split levels, offering a jukebox assortment of popular songs that parents will recognize, and having cute animated animals belt them out to divert children. The result is a breezy exercise in karaoke for kids, where the soundtrack beats the movie and a lot of stars again lend their voices to the chorus.
Always meta in its nods to the genre's quirks, the latest "Scream" is so self-referential as to risk swallowing its own tail. Yet this quarter-century-later "requel" (a term specifically explained in the movie) turns out to be a great deal of fun, cleverly wedding familiar faces with new stars in what isn't exactly a remake or reboot but rather plays like a refresh.
Designed to showcase Jennifer Lopez playing a character that could hardly be called a reach, "Marry Me" trades in the "meet cute" rom-com formula for "meet dumb." Lopez still gets ample opportunities to sing a hummable soundtrack, but even within the genre's parameters, the silly premise deals the movie a blow from which it never entirely recovers.
The Golden Globes were reduced to a footnote this year -- chased from TV and their usual NBC showcase by questions about the organization's membership and its integrity, relegated to announcing winners Sunday by Twitter and press release.
"Encanto" is about a movie about what makes us special, seriously enlivened, by Lin-Manuel Miranda's musical gifts.
"Spider-Man: No Way Home" demonstrates it's still possible to amass a giant opening weekend at the box office, even if such super-powered numbers have become rare, bordering on unheard-of amid the pandemic.
Stage parents seldom fare well in movies and TV, but "King Richard" bucks that trend, placing Will Smith on center court in an overwhelmingly flattering portrait of tennis patriarch Richard Williams. Smith aces the performance, which is the main attribute in elevating the story above the standard sports-movie conventions.
Presenting a far richer story than a simple biopic, "Being the Ricardos" turns writer-director Aaron Sorkin loose again on the medium of television and produces one of the year's most satisfying movies. That it was made for a streaming service, Amazon, is a wrinkle even the legendarily foresighted Desi Arnaz surely couldn't have imagined.
Elizabeth Holmes has been a source of fascination for many since glimpsing the husky-voiced, wide-eyed persona she affected in Alex Gibney's documentary "The Inventor: Out for Blood in Silicon Valley." Amanda Seyfried nails all of that in "The Dropout," a slick Hulu docuseries devoted to Holmes' rise and Shakespearean fall, as well as the gender dynamics at play throughout.
Nobody asked for a dark, dramatic reimagining of "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air," which makes the new series fitting that description, "Bel-Air," better than it has any right to be. Premiering Super Bowl Sunday on NBC's streaming service Peacock, the opening episodes establish a catchy beat, with the main question being how long they can sustain it.
A cross between "The Social Network" and "Billions," "Super Pumped: The Battle For Uber" hails from the producers of the latter, drawing extra zest from all the tech CEOs represented in this fun, fact-based tale of greed, high-stakes corporate chess and frat-boy excess. With Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Kyle Chandler anchoring the cast, it's well worth hopping aboard.
Andy Warhol was such a distinctive figure -- cutting across the worlds of art, media and pop culture -- that a docuseries about his life could hardly be boring, and "The Andy Warhol Diaries" isn't. But this six-part Netflix production does unfold at a languid, almost-hypnotic pace, while employing AI technology to create Warhol's voice reading his words from the great beyond, which is as oddly creepy as that sounds.
Season 4 of the Amazon series picks up with the stand-up comic, two years after a strong Season 3. Mrs. Maisel is back on the road and in the spotlight.
The parallels between "The Gilded Age" and Julian Fellowes' earlier creation "Downton Abbey" aren't hard to spot, which doesn't make this HBO drama any less delicious. Set in the moneyed corridors of New York during the 1880s, Fellowes and his sprawling cast have delivered another sharp look at wealth and class in earlier times, when even those with the gold chafed against the intricate rules.
It's never ideal to arrive way too late to the party, and "Joe vs Carole" feels guilty of that, adapting the story of Netflix's "Tiger King," a.k.a. Joe Exotic, into a limited series that dutifully replicates those events without much bite. 
Once you get past the astonishing makeup and prosthetics, "Pam & Tommy" essentially functions as two miniseries in one, the first devoted to the central couple, and the latter to the hapless guy who turned them into a pioneering Internet sensation. The former works better, in a limited series that sprinkles social insight (if not quite enough) in with its salacious qualities and breezy nostalgia.
Best known for "Friday Night Lights," producer Jason Katims has crafted another small coming-of-age gem with "As We See It," adapting an Israeli series about a trio of 20-somethings on the autism spectrum, trying to find purpose and independence. 
A look back that reverberates into the present, "Women of the Movement" chronicles the murder of Emmett Till, and his mother's turn to activism in the wake of that horror. Transformed into an ABC limited series, the project carries the throwback feel of miniseries the way broadcasters used to make them, dealing with important topics and painful chapters in history.
In shows like "Yellowstone," "Kominsky Method," "Young Sheldon" and "B-Positive," older actors are having a moment worth celebrating.
In the midst of his own grief following the death of his father, surfer Dan Fischer started the One Last Wave project, through which he found a community of people going through similar pain amid the coronavirus pandemic.
Both films, now on Netflix, tell stories about children of Indian immigrants. But instead of their cultures taking center stage, the characters grapple with stagnation and subvert cultural expectations -- challenging the model minority trope in the process.
Viberate gathers data from major streaming sites, ticket vendors and radio stations around the world to help musicians develop their careers. 
Through his restaurant, Grič, Slovenian chef Luka Košir's is embodying the concept of eating locally. 
How do you break the ice again after more than a year of virtual meetings?
For Alexis Ohanian last summer, it started with a simple phone call. The entrepreneur and co-founder of Reddit was in London and his friend wanted him to come to Paris, "He's like, you're an idiot if you don't come down to watch the USA play France."
There was a period during the winter of 2008 when every Saturday night Paul Newsham's Yorkshire home would sound like old telephone exchange switch room. 
There hasn't been much to shout about at Manchester United over the last few years. 
Neymar's record-breaking $263 million transfer from Barcelona to Paris Saint-Germain in 2017 was intended to herald an era of Champions League domination. Twice the 28-year-old has been deprived of his say in the latter stages of European football's elite club competition. Is this finally his time to seal his legacy and quell the naysayers?
Brazil's bright yellow jersey is a symbol that unites the country through a love of football and national pride, but over the past two years the shirt's adoption by right wing supporters of Jair Bolsonaro, who wear it at protests and rallies to show their political allegiance to the Brazilian president, is causing controversy.
Lyon stunned Manchester City on Saturday to qualify for the semifinals of the Champions League, winning 3-1.
American youngster Tyler Adams scored a late winner to fire RB Leipzig past Atletico Madrid and into the Champions League semifinals on Thursday.
Bayern Munich scored eight times against Barcelona as the German side inflicted a record defeat on the Catalans in an astonishing 8-2 win in the Champions League quarterfinals. 
It took a whirlwind 149 seconds for Paris Saint-Germain's Champions League fortunes to take a dramatic turn on Wednesday, a last-gasp victory over Atalanta ensuring the club could yet shed its status as the competition's most high-profile underachiever. 
US international Reggie Cannon has described the booing of players who took a knee during the national anthem before a Major League Soccer match as "absolutely disgusting."
Paris Saint-Germain produced yet another memorable moment in the rich history of the UEFA Champions League after completing a late comeback against Atalanta on Wednesday.
Borussia Dortmund says youngster Jadon Sancho will remain at the club next season after Manchester United was reportedly close to signing the starlet. 
Lionel Messi scored a spellbinding goal as Barcelona beat Napoli 3-1 (4-2 on aggregate) in the Camp Nou on Saturday night to advance to the quarterfinals of the Champions League.
Footballers who deliberately cough towards an opponent could receive a red card under new Covid-19 guidelines published by the English Football Association (FA).
Chinese basketball legend Yao Ming has for the first time addressed his encounter last month with tennis star Peng Shuai, describing her as in "pretty good condition." 
Novak Djokovic has arrived back in Serbia's capital Belgrade after his deportation from Australia ended the world No. 1 tennis player's hopes of playing in the Australian Open.
It's the modern day equivalent of the Roman Empire's gladiatorial shows. After playing for several hours, often in hot and humid conditions, with their emotional reserves ebbing and stress levels sky rocketing, tennis stars enter the media's ice cold inner sanctum -- the post-match press conference.
The 24-year-old Lydia Ko has had more success than most golfers can imagine. 
Iceland may seem like an unlikely golfing power. 
They were golf's band of brothers. "The Golden Bear," "The King" and "The Black Knight" shared 34 major wins between them and irrevocably changed the sport they played.
Whether it's because of his funky clothing, eccentric personality or highly distinctive swing, Moe Norman -- dubbed golf's "Rain Man" -- didn't fit into the sport's traditional mold.
Arms and hips not in sync? Struggling with your game? Try carrying an unborn child while you plot your way around the course.
When Charlie Sifford tried to play with the White golfers, he was told no. 
In Beaumont, Texas, there is a small museum dedicated to a female double Olympic gold medalist and one of the greatest women golfers of all time. 
Winter sports star Gus Kenworthy has a lot to thank his mom for. Her hometown is Chelmsford, Essex in southeast England, and also where he was born and the reason why he is able to compete in his third Winter Olympics.
It's been 34 years since Jamaica made its Winter Olympic debut in bobsled at the 1988 Games in Calgary, an unlikely appearance which was later immortalized in the Disney feature film, "Cool Runnings."
Competing in a discipline with synergy at its heart, figure skating pair Ashley Cain-Gribble and Timothy LeDuc have found a winning formula on the way to qualifying for the Winter Olympics.  
From Kamila Valieva's doping scandal to Eileen Gu's historic freeski victories, these are some of the most memorable moments of the 2022 Winter Olympics. 
The men's 50km mass start race at the Beijing Games was shortened to 30km but that did little to help Finland's Remi Lindholm, who needed a heat pack at the end of the race to thaw out a particularly sensitive body part.
It's official. Norway is really good at the Winter Olympics. 
There were five gold medals up for grabs on Sunday at the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics.
Elana Meyers Taylor became the most decorated Black athlete in Winter Olympics history after she won the bronze medal in the two-woman bobsleigh at Beijing 2022 on Saturday -- and one of the American bobsledder's initial emotions was a sense of being overwhelmed by her achievement.
China's Sui Wenjing and Han Cong won gold in pairs figure skating at the 2022 Beijing Games on Saturday.
Teenage figure skater Kamila Valieva has become one of the faces of Beijing 2022, but as the Winter Olympics nears its conclusion the spotlight is likely to remain on the 15-year-old and her entourage for the foreseeable future.
Team USA ice dancers Madison Hubbell and Zachary Donohue say they have their "empty medal box waiting in our room," as they wait to receive their figure skating team event medal which has been postponed without a date in light of Kamila Valieva's ongoing doping case.
Russia Olympic Committee (ROC) figure skater Kamila Valieva, who is at the center of a doping scandal, finished in fourth place in the women's individual figure skating event with 224.09 points.
Mikaela Shiffrin's Beijing nightmare continued on Thursday with the US skiing star left reeling from a third did-not-finish (DNF) at the Games. 
Heading into the Winter Olympics, there was much talk of two host cities -- one inside a tightly-sealed bubble where the Games would be held, and one outside, where daily life would go on as normal.
The International Skating Union (ISU) will hold a vote at its Congress in June on a proposal to raise the minimum age for competitors to 17, the governing body told CNN on Friday.
Gone are the days when Olympic figure skating was scored solely at the judges' discretion, with subjective points awarded on a 6.0 scale.
He is Jamaica's first Olympic alpine skier, but Benjamin Alexander was a late developer when it came to spending time on the slopes.
There's a familiar country atop the medal count in the Winter Olympics: Norway. The country has even set a new mark for most gold medals -- after Johannes Thingnes Bø won his fourth of Beijing 2022 in the men's biathlon 15km mass start -- in a single Winter Games with 15. 
When Team USA's Nathan Chen skated to his first Olympic gold medal in a flawless performance in Beijing on Thursday, it was the culmination of a years-long dream for the first-generation American and Salt Lake City native.
This Friday, a highly-anticipated winter sporting competition with a rich history will get underway -- but it's not the Winter Olympics in Beijing.
Top figure skaters spin at such unbelievably fast speeds that even spectators can feel a little woozy. How do they do it without toppling over? The answer lies in their brains.
The doping scandal surrounding Russian Olympic Committee (ROC) figure skater Kamila Valieva has rocked the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics.
From the sound of skis swooshing against the snow, to bullet-like bobsleds speeding down icy tracks, the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics promise fierce and dynamic competition between some of the world's top athletes. 
Last year's Tokyo Olympics are destined to be remembered for many reasons. They took place amid a state of emergency in the Japanese capital -- declared as the city was dealing with a surge in coronavirus cases -- and events were staged with little to no spectators to cheer athletes on.
Global attention has turned to Beijing's Olympic Winter Games, and China is trying make sure its humans rights activists don't have a chance to speak up. 
The climate crisis is shrinking our winters. Seeing this firsthand, snowboarder Jeremy Jones founded Protect Our Winters, a charity that lobbies governments for climate action.
From brushing ice in curling to flying down an ice track headfirst in skeleton, the Winter Olympics is home to some interesting sports. 
Kara Alaimo argues that cruel attacks on China's Zhu Yi after falling during an Olympic figure skating competition are more than morally wrong - they also betray misogyny, misplaced nationalism and a short-sighted view of failure. She explains how having the skater's back online could be a game-changer. 
In February 2018 at the PyeongChang Winter Games, an 18-year-old Maame Biney made history as the first Black woman to compete for the United States short track speed skating team at an Olympics.
Teenager Su Yiming is used to fast-paced action, but he's really taken things up a notch at the Beijing Winter Olympics. 
Eileen Gu's medal hopes did not look promising after two runs of the women's freeski slopestyle event at Genting Snow Park on Tuesday.
Canada-born Kaillie Humphries​, winner of the first-ever Olympic gold in the monobob, says she "never gave up" on herself.
The Beijing Games will be the first Winter Olympics to use virtually 100% artificial snow by deploying more than 100 snow generators and 300 snow-making guns working flat out to cover the ski slopes.

Tickets for the upcoming Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games in Beijing will not be sold to the general public in response to Covid-19 but will instead be distributed by authorities, the Beijing Winter Olympics Organizing Committee announced Monday. 
American skier Mikaela Shiffrin pipped her Slovakian rival Petra Vlhova to victory on Tuesday to earn a record-breaking 47th World Cup slalom win.
The world's No. 1 ranked speedskater Erin Jackson is headed to the Beijing Olympics after her friend and teammate gave up her spot after a slip during qualifying trials cost Jackson a place in the team. 
American figure skater Timothy LeDuc is set to become the first openly non-binary athlete to compete at an Olympic Winter Games.
Figure skater Nathan Chen broke his own US scoring record in the men's short program at the US Figure Skating Championships in Nashville, Tennessee, on Saturday. 
It's been a long wait for 25-year-old Mariah Bell.
Whether it's a comment about his hair or questioning his expertise, professional ice climber Manoah Ainuu is aware that people notice the difference.
As she pulled herself over the summit of El Capitan, Emily Harrington knew she had made history. 
Sasha DiGiulian is used to proving people wrong. She has done so throughout her life. 
It's one thing climbing over 1,800 feet up a vertical rock face, it's another thing altogether to do it without the use of safety ropes -- at speed.
Climbing a huge rock tower above crashing waves off a remote Scottish island is difficult enough, but imagine trying to do it if you're blind.
Climbers Janja Garnbret and Domen Škofic scale the Trbovlje Power Station in Slovenia, which is home to the tallest chimney in Europe.
Having survived an avalanche and been tested in some of the most remote places on earth, Jimmy Chin knows what it's like to be at the mercy of mother nature.
Any doubts as to whether Alex Honnold was the greatest rock climber of all time were doused when the American did something that no one thought was humanly possible.
Mountaineer Doug Scott, who was part of the first UK team to summit Mount Everest via the south-west face, has passed away at the age of 79.
A former special forces soldier has taken the notion that "records are meant to be broken" to a whole new level.
Lewis Hamilton has become accustomed to making history and, at a rain-soaked Turkish Grand Prix, the Englishman put his name in the record books once again as he equaled Michael Schumacher's record of seven world titles. 
Lewis Hamilton may be Formula One's most successful driver but after securing a record-equaling seventh world title on Sunday the Briton said he still had plenty left to achieve -- namely making his sport and the world "more diverse and inclusive." 
Lewis Hamilton says he remains undeterred in his fight against racial injustice. His comments came as the FIA, motorsport's global governing body, announced it will not investigate the world champion for wearing a T-shirt honoring Breonna Taylor at the Tuscan Grand Prix.
Four-time world champion Sebastian Vettel will remain in Formula One after signing a deal with the Racing Point team, which will rebrand itself as Aston Martin from next season.
Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton has announced he will have a team competing in the inaugural all-electric off-road racing Extreme E series next year. 
Ferrari's miserable season has gone from bad to worse as the Italian manufacturer failed to get either car into the top 10 at its home grand prix for the first time since 1984.
Lewis Hamilton paid his own tribute to Chadwick Boseman after closing to within two wins of Michael Schumacher's all-time Formula One record by claiming the Belgian Grand Prix on Sunday.
Fresh off the back of a stunning victory at the 70th Anniversary Formula One Grand Prix, Red Bull driver Max Verstappen says that he appreciates the comparison with the legendary Michael Schumacher but is his own man. 
South Africa's two-wheeled star Brad Binder reflects on a wild week in MotoGP.
Formula E driver Daniel Abt has been suspended by his Audi team for using a professional esports gamer to compete for him.
Ex-Formula One driver and Paralympic champion Alex Zanardi has been transferred from hospital to a specialist neuro-rehabilitation center, after suffering a horrific cycling crash in June.
NASCAR ​driver Bubba Wallace says he's still learning to "embrace" the idea of being an activist after finding himself at the center of the race debate in recent weeks. 
A small plane flew a Confederate flag over the Bristol Motor Speedway on Wednesday as thousands of fans gathered to watch NASCAR's All-Star Race in Tennessee.
It was the 2018 Formula 3 Macau Grand Prix final, and Sophia Floersch had just gone airborne at a speed of 171.6 mph.
Life under lockdown can be challenging for elite sports stars, but not many world champions have to share a confined space with a fellow world champion, teammate and brother all rolled into one. 
A childhood Formula One fan, but also an environmental enthusiast, supporting Formula E makes sense to Ellie Goulding. 
Those within esports often get tired with constant comparisons with traditional sports, but the increasingly popular world of competitive gaming can often be an example for those more historic sports to follow. 
The return of sport amid the pandemic has been one of the few saving graces for many people over the last year.  
The African continent is looking to share in a global market that pulled in over $1 billion in 2019. Meet two gamers, 'Queen Arrow' and 'Beast,' who are growing esports in Kenya and beyond.
Teens won millions of dollars in video game competitions in 2019, and they're set to do it again this year. Last year, the oldest finalist in the most competitive rounds of the "Fortnite" World Cup was only 24 years old, despite the World Cup being open to all ages online.
When Jeremy Wang started streaming on Twitch in 2016, he was an unknown twenty-something with a few coding internships under his belt. Almost no one knew his name or what he looked like. The latter, at least, was by design: Wang, now 28, initially wore a mask everywhere — whether playing video games at competitive events or streaming from a closet while visiting his sister in New York. 
Gaming company 100 Thieves has built the biggest esports facility in the United States. Located in Culver City, Los Angeles, the 15,000-square-foot compound may have an arcade and an outdoor basketball hoop, but it also has designated training rooms for playing video games professionally.
With matches postponed and teams self-isolating, football stars are finding novel ways to keep their competitive juices flowing during the coronavirus outbreak. 
There is a young German forward, playing in the Bundesliga, who scores hundreds of goals every week.
Imagine being forced to spend two weeks alone in a hotel room ahead of the biggest competition of your life. 
Esports are already online (obviously), but the pandemic is still creating huge challenges 
At 18 he was homeless -- now he's a gaming world champion.  
With its millions of viewers, lucrative titles and sell-out competitions, it should come as no surprise that the world of esports is beginning to challenge some of Europe's most established sports. 
Luka "Perkz" Perkovic still remembers the first time he picked up a computer mouse.
Galaxy Racers compete in world finals of Girl Gamer festival in Dubai
Meet the Pedersens of Pleasanton, California. They were all born deaf, except Kaleb — who at age 20, identifies more with deaf culture than hearing culture. 

The Dutch character of Black Peter, a goofy, singing, candy-giving Renaissance-clad figure in blackface, is the focus of the short film "Blackface."
The first time I saw the Dutch character Black Pete, or Zwarte Piet, my heart sank.   
She created a magical forest in a Kansas suburb. Her artistry touched the lives of others and sparked a short film. But who is she and what's she up to now?
Skin whitening is a  multi-billion-dollar industry and predominantly targets women of color in every region of the world. Find out more about the global market, the culture of colorism promoting it, the effect these products can have on your health and the industry behind it all.
Young Afghan women grew up with cellphones, social media and the freedom to express themselves. Now they feel like prisoners.
In India, child marriages are valid but voidable. Kriti Bharti is working tirelessly to make sure young women know the law that makes it possible for them to leave
In 2020, the global skin whitening market was reportedly valued at $8.6bn. This harmful beauty standard affects billions of people around the world and now, CNN As Equals is giving the issue the attention it deserves.
With the arrival of American Sign Language, HSL has all but disappeared. Its last remaining users are fighting to preserve it
On September 1, 2021, one of America's most restrictive abortion laws came into effect. What's happening and where do women's rights go from here?
Meet the women breaking long-standing taboos and empowering themselves and others by starting conversations about pleasure and power
Facebook's policies are not determined by international standards and its rules could easily end up removing critical speech against the Taliban, writes Jillian C. York
Aisha Salaudeen has been getting grief -- often from strangers -- for not taking her husband's name after they got married last year. So the CNN producer set out to uncover the history of marital name change and asks why it remains such a big deal.
Indian hospitals are facing severe shortages in ventilators. But the quantity of supply isn't our only problem, writes Pallabi Munsi. 
Governments in rich countries need to show moral courage and political will to redesign global intellectual property rules. A Covid-19 vaccine waiver is just the start, writes Ruth L. Okediji.
This World Press Freedom Day, a new report finds that online violence and disinformation against women journalists is on the rise 
 

When we learn about injustice anywhere in the world, don't think about you cannot do, find out what you can, writes the author, lawyer and activist
In Chile, over 150 people say they have gotten pregnant while talking contraceptive pills manufactured by subsidiaries of a German pharmaceutical company.
Nodi was 14 years old when she says she was sold into one of the world's biggest brothels. A decade later and with Bangladesh under coronavirus lockdown, she now is facing a new problem: hunger.
While businesses have reopened, the ban on transport remains intact. This means, critics say, many women will continue not only to be trapped at home with a potential perpetrator, but they remain unable to travel to seek medical treatment or refuge.
Five women in their late teens and early twenties interviewed by CNN allege that Bernhard "Bery" Glaser sexually and emotionally abused them at Bery's Place, a children's home in Uganda. 
Multiple women tell CNN they faced abuse and exploitation while seeking help at an African consulate in Lebanon. 
Women politicians in India face high levels of harassment, including sexist abuse from organized "troll armies," discouraging their political participation, new Amnesty International study finds.
Bernhard "Bery" Glaser is alleged to have sexually abused vulnerable girls who were living in his care at Bery's Place, a children's home in Uganda. He died in early May.
In Afghanistan's deeply patriarchal society, sons are highly valued over daughters -- to the point where some parents dress their girls as boys in a centuries-old practice called "bacha posh."
Sex isn't hidden from view in Ghana. But it mostly plays to men's desires and insecurities. Nana Darkoa Sekyiamah and others are trying to change that. 
In a plush living room of a home in a wealthy suburb of Lagos, three teenagers are huddled around a computer. Kudirat Abiola, 15, Temitayo Asuni, 15 and Susan Ubogu, 16, are working out their plan on how to end child marriage in Nigeria. 
Weeks into the protests that eventually toppled Sudan's dictator, the regime's top brass sent a chilling message to officers on the ground: "Break the girls, because if you break the girls, you break the men."
Teenager Rosalina Learpoora lives in an all-women village in Kenya that offers refuge for women fleeing abusive marriages, FGM, rape and assault.
Diane Rwigara, the 37-year-old human rights activist who had once hoped to run for the Rwandan presidency, has been acquitted of all charges in Kigali's High Court on Thursday.  
Her mother, Adeline, who was also in court facing charges of inciting insurrection and divisionism was also acquitted of all charges. 

Diane Rwigara, a critic of Rwanda's President Paul Kagame, spent more than a year in prison before she was released on bail Friday. Now, as she awaits trial, the 37-year-old activist says she is more determined than ever to make her voice heard.  

Government critic Diane Rwigara and her mother Adeline Rwigara have been freed on bail, according to her family. 
Hundreds of women who die every year in Malawi as a result of the government's restrictive abortion law, which only permits the procedure in cases where the woman's life is at risk.
The trial of  jailed Rwandan opposition leader Diane Rwigara and her mother Adeline was postponed at Kigali's High Court on Monday.
While former Rwandan presidential hopeful Diane Rwigara awaits her fate in court on Monday, another jailed female opposition leader, Victoire Ingabire, is getting her first taste of freedom.  
As a tactic of war, South Sudanese soldiers rape women who must leave UN protection every day to ensure their families' survival.

Her family threatened, their house burned, Sudanese teenager Noura Hussein, who killed her husband as he tried to rape her, has appealed for her sentence to be overturned.
A Sudanese court has overturned the death sentence for teenager Noura Hussein, who killed her husband after he raped her, in a case that has put a spotlight on forced child marriage and marital rape in the African nation.

Sara Elhassan, a 33-year-old Sudanese-American, explains how her Instagram story helped spark the #JusticeForNoura campaign.
In Sudan, child marriage has been woven into the fabric of the country's culture. More than a third of girls there are married before their 18th birthday.
Sudanese teenager Noura Hussein is on death row for killing her 35-year-old husband. CNN obtained a first-hand account from the 19-year-old, who has appealed her sentence. 
Women in El Salvador's brutal gang culture are forced to act as drug mules, carers for abandoned children, and subjected to violent gang initiations such as rape.
US President Donald Trump's international abortion funding ban has had an unintended consequence. More abortions. 
Five women talk to CNN about their experiences of sexual abuse and harassment while participating in the pilgrimage.
These women are speaking out against Iran's strict Islamic dress code on social media, despite the consequences.
A new report signals a shift in the Philippines' soaring teen pregnancy rates, but in a deeply devout country where abortion is illegal, progress is slow. 
This photographer collaborated with survivors of rape in Haiti to capture intimate portraits that overcome stigma and victimization. 

Harassed in public, then again online. Social platforms are a double-edged sword for women in Malawi.
After leaving her husband, Boke Chaha, 25, married a widow. But it wasn't for love.
Marie Amurere Goretti lost three of her children in Rwanda's 1994 genocide. At a youth village in rural Rwanda, she's embraced a new experience of motherhood. 
A multi-million dollar World Bank education loan to Tanzania is back on the table for possible approval next week after it was pulled over a year ago amid concerns about the country's policy of banning pregnant girls and young mothers from attending state school. 
It happens twice a year at Arusha Secondary School. Each of the school's 800 female students are accompanied into a toilet and told to pee in a jar. Outside the cubicle, a teacher waits to make sure the samples are not swapped. 
For Grammy-nominated recording artist and producer Jidenna, Noura Hussein's story hit close to home. So he decided to do something about it.
Meet the schoolgirls fighting off attackers -- and the boys learning about consent -- in Malawi.

More than two-thirds of Yemeni girls are married off before they reach 18. Halima is determined not to be one of them.
The world's leading cause of mental impairment is still a stubborn problem in Senegal. One woman is trying to change that.
The high-profile trial of prominent Rwandan government critic Diane Rwigara and her mother closed after five hours of testimony in Kigali's High Court on Monday. The prosecution is seeking a 22-year prison sentence for the opposition leader. 
Women can now be appointed chiefs in South Africa, Namibia, Botswana and Zambia, but not in Lesotho, where activists say a woman isn't just discriminated against -- "she simply doesn't exist."
After a spate of murders in Uganda, feminist DJs are creating safe spaces for women in the capital Kampala.

On International Women's Day, Nobel Peace laureate and Liberian activist Leymah Gbowee writes that the next generation of young women will bring about the changes she dreams of.
The Taliban banned women from being journalists in Afghanistan. Now the country has an all-female television network.
Five Nigerian women share their harrowing stories of sexual abuse and harassment with CNN. 

Yemen ranks as the worst country in the world to be a woman and the war has only made matters worse, writes Nadia Al-Sakkaf.
Her drums were torn, she was made to feel dirty and publicly called out, all because she's a female percussionist.  

After Grace Fosu was dismissed from Ghana's National Fire Service she joined forces with fellow firefighter Thelma Hammond to fight the decision. It became Ghana's first gender discrimination case.
There are 40 million slaves in the world today -- here's what ordinary people can do to help them.
Russian bombardments and fighting continue throughout Ukraine sending people fleeing for safety. 
It was the middle of the night when Bibi Bahrami's father awoke her and the rest of the family, telling them they must flee their home immediately. Bahrami, only a teenager at the time, remembers being in a state of shock. 
International Women's Day is a day to both celebrate women and to take action, and Impact Your World has identified ways you can help a variety of important causes for women everywhere.
Vlad Khaykin has dedicated his life to educating and fighting anti-Semitism.
"We're just tired," Will Lex Ham of New York City tells CNN. "We're tired of being scapegoated." 
Meir Kay, who has thrown "Super Soul Parties" since 2017, said 35 cities are throwing their own parties and inviting residents of homeless shelters to watch the Super Bowl. 
Cindy Benson, a member of the Confederated Salish and Kootenai Tribes, has lived her entire life in or near the Flathead Indian Reservation in western Montana. 
Former All-Pro NFL Player Warrick Dunn devotes post football career to fight for affordable housing and homeownership for single parents.
As the Covid-19 pandemic continues to rage on, The Association for the Study of African American Life and History is using Black History Month as an opportunity to put a focus on Black health and wellness.
From B.B. King to Queen Bey, students at the Stax Music Academy will perform an "evolution of Black American Music."
It's the season of giving!
For nearly two years, economic fallout from the coronavirus pandemic put increased demand on food banks across the US. As the need declines, they face new problems.
Before you order another batch of gifts online, here are some festive ways your family can get together, bond over a holiday activity and help others.


When it came to people, Betty White loved to make them laugh. When it came to animals, she loved to lend them a helping hand. 
Kobe Bryant is one of the greatest basketball players of all time, but his influence extended far beyond the court. 
For more than three decades, viewers came to know Alex Trebek as the face of the hit TV game show "Jeopardy!" But lesser known was his charitable work and all the time and money he gave to a number of causes, from health care to hairy creatures.
Covid-19 can look a lot like a simple cold or flu, especially in vaccinated people. Epidemiologist Dr. Abdul El-Sayed explains what to look for to differentiate between the viruses and how to respond to the infections.
It's almost the new year and along with it comes the admittedly aspirational tradition of setting New Year's resolutions -- ones that we hopefully can stick to and not abandon after Week 3, or even Day 3, of 2022.
Along a windy stretch of Texas highway, a woman walks with purpose. Mary Hesch is on a 1,439-mile pilgrimage from central Wisconsin to the Texas coast -- all of it on foot -- to honor her mother and raise awareness of the lung disease that took her life.
When refugees arrive in the US, they face unique challenges.
When the disappearance and death of Gabby Petito blew up social media and flooded TV screens in August, the case put a renewed spotlight on the inequity in coverage of missing people of color. 
Arwa Damon writes that we created a world where being a "humanitarian" is a "thing" and not the norm.
When the pandemic forced his school to go to online learning, fifth-grader Bergen Manzella spent six hours a day staring at his computer screen. His mother found an outdoor class that allows him to explore nature, learn and do a digital detox. 
December 1 is Giving Tuesday, a day aimed at simply encouraging people to do good around the world by giving their time, talents and treasure. But giving might be a challenge this year as millions deal with the economic fallout from the Covid-19 pandemic.
Hurricane Iota slammed into an already storm-ravaged Nicaragua as a Category 4 storm November 17th.  The landfall was just 15 miles south of where Hurricane Eta hit two weeks earlier. Eta left thousands displaced and dozens killed in Central America.
As more people stay home and skip the salon or barbershop, some hair-focused nonprofits are seeing one bright spot in the pandemic: more donated hair going to those who need it. 
The Salvation Army is getting an early start on its holiday fundraising campaign due to the unprecedented demands of the coronavirus pandemic. 
An Illinois attorney couldn't find a book with a Black main character on the cover for her niece. So she and her husband went on a mission to provide free books with Black characters throughout a Chicago suburb starting the nonprofit "Young, Black & Lit." 
Hurricane Katrina rampaged New Orleans on August 29, 2005, when dozens of levees failed, leaving vast swaths of the city swamped, homes damaged and lives uprooted. Fifteen years later, the Crescent City's most vulnerable still struggle. But for the past decade and a half, the national non-profit Rebuilding Together has helped families recover, making critical repairs to 1,750 homes across the city. 
Co-founded by publisher Angela Wachuka and author Wanjiru Koinange, Book Bunk is working to renovate libraries across Nairobi.
In Nigeria, an emerging crop of young comics are leveraging social media to create video content that makes people laugh -- and makes money.
In celebration of International Women's Day, meet three inspiring pioneers shaping the future of space science and technology in South Africa and Zimbabwe.
Meet the startup founders from Co-Creation Hub, Greymate Care and PiggyVest in Nigeria, who are helping people across the continent solve everyday problems through technology.
Dubbed the cheetah capital of the world, Otjiwarongo, Namibia, is home to 1,400 wild cheetahs and the only cheetah genetics laboratory in Africa.
The adoption of Saturday's "Paris Agreement" on climate change wasn't just wonky diplomacy; it was about saving lives.  
Climate change: CNN's John D. Sutter says the Paris agreement is historic and ambitious, but it must be met with forceful action on the national level.
U.S. President Barack Obama praised a landmark climate change agreement approved Saturday in Paris, saying it could be "a turning point for the world."
Climate change: CNN's John D. Sutter meets with people living on the front lines of global warming. They're participating in the U.N. climate summit in Paris.
An outdoor exhibit focuses attention on the ephemeral nature of something amazing: ice. The Arctic is warming at about twice the rate of the rest of the planet.
Climate change: CNN's John D. Sutter examines the debate over what level of global warming should be seen as acceptable at the UN climate summit in Paris.
To meet the 2 degrees Celsius goal we basically need to ditch fossil fuels completely sometime around midcentury. 
COP21: CNN's John D. Sutter visits Samsø, a Danish island that produces 100% renewable energy. He finds the island offers solutions to global warming.
COP21: John D. Sutter visits a demonstration in Paris ahead of a major U.N. climate change summit. Marches were banned because of recent terror attacks.
Two Degrees: On the eve of COP21 climate talks in Paris, CNN's John D. Sutter says global warming is a longer-term form of terrorism, one we're bad at fighting.
Two Degrees: John D. Sutter visits the Northern Cheyenne Indian reservation, which has become an island of intact prairie in a sea of coal mines.
Cows and global warming? For CNN's Two Degrees series, John D. Sutter traces the carbon footprint of a plate of beef brisket from Snow's BBQ in Texas.
John Sutter offers readers of CNN's Two° series suggestions for how to help the Marshall Islands survive the effects of sea level rise and climate change.
I'm recently back from the Marshall Islands -- one of the low-lying Pacific island nations that literally could be wiped off the map by climate change. 
One injustice of climate change is that it threatens to disappear entire countries. CNN's John Sutter is visiting one -- and documenting it on Snapchat. 
You've probably heard about some of the impacts of rising seas. But exactly how and why is it happening? John Sutter talks with a CNN meteorologist. 
CNN's John D. Sutter visits Woodward County, Oklahoma, which has one of the highest rates of skepticism about climate change in the United States. 
Two Degrees: A CNN reader asks whether the Syrian war and refugee crisis may have been triggered in part by drought and climate change.
Two Degrees: A CNN reader asks whether the climate change lead to more disease outbreaks. 
Mealworms and crickets as a solution to global warming? John Sutter finds insects may be more climate effecient than beef. Part of CNN's Two Degrees series.
Each Friday, CNN answers one of your questions on climate change, which is one of the most important topics that far too few of us are talking about. 
CNN's John Sutter answers questions about 2 degrees Celsius of warming, which is when climate change gets especially dangerous, according to experts.
If we warm the world another 2 degrees Celsius, experts say we risk super droughts, extinctions and worse.
John Sutter: It's clear ISIS wants us to be afraid, but the vitally important Paris climate conference must go on
Women, particularly those in developing countries, are on the frontlines of a changing climate. Yet women's vulnerabilities remain hidden and their voices quiet.
At the U.N. climate talks -- called COP21 -- John Sutter says everyone's attention is focused on a garbled document that could determine the fate of the planet. 
Looks like Earth is already halfway to the danger zone.
Climate change is all about degrees. And we sure don't want to accumulate six of them, writes CNN's John Sutter. 
CNN's John Sutter takes reader suggestions for the top non-fiction books on climate change. They include a Pulitzer winner and an illustrated comic. 
John Sutter says heed this number: 400 ppm. That's how much carbon dioxide is in the air for every million parts of something else. It's warming Earth.
2007 CNN Hero Aaron Jackson is at the border in Poland helping refugees from Ukraine start new lives after fleeing the war.
For hundreds of Holocaust survivors living in Ukraine, Russia's invasion evokes painful memories as they find themselves once again at risk.
We asked Jeison Aristizábal to share what's happened since he was recognized as the 2016 CNN Hero of the Year. Here is his open letter:
Driving in a snow storm is difficult. Add in blowing wind and poor visibility, and travel can become downright dangerous. And driving in a snow squall is next to impossible.
Avalanches can occur any month of the year and in mountainous locations around the world. If caught in an avalanche, time is of the essence and knowing what to do if caught in one, could save your life.
Be prepared for a winter storm: Here's what you should have on hand in case you get stuck at home, work or in your car during a snow or ice storm and how to take care of your pets. 
CNN meteorologists explain the dangers of wind chill and other things you should know.
A first-of-its-kind facility is being built to test the catastrophic conditions of the world's strongest tropical cyclones.
Snow, sleet and freezing rain are set to impact millions this week, setting up the potential for power outages while temperatures plunge well below freezing.
What does it take to plow a major city in a massive snowstorm? And the cold is gripping the country so far south that iguanas are freezing, literally.  
If you can believe it -- MORE winter weather could impact the same spots later this week as what are getting hit Monday and this past weekend.  
Temperatures expected this week will be the coldest air of the season by far, and will even reach some big cities in the Northeast and New England.
Millions woke up this morning with a weather whiplash like no other. 
As the holiday hangover starts to wear off and the daunting trip home is facing you head on, Mother Nature isn't offering any favors. 
The 2021 Atlantic hurricane season, just like the 2020 season, was one for the record books -- but for different reasons. 
Hurricane Ida threw Cancer Alley's high cancer and Covid-19 rates and underlying environmental health hazards, which come from the area's rampant pollution from fossil fuel industries, into harsh relief.
Those seemingly random hurricane hunter flight patterns to sample hurricanes look like boxes or stars, but they serve a purpose 
The Lake Mead reservoir is poised to become the focal point of one of the country's most significant climate crises: water shortages in the West.
Vast swaths of the West are experiencing a historic, unrelenting drought, the worst in the region in at least 20 years. 
A potentially lethal heat wave is affecting more than 40 million people in the US this week.
After visiting Tracy, a woman in California who is ready to flee her dream house to escape wildfires and other effects of climate catastrophe, John Sutter traveled halfway across the country, to Duluth, Minnesota to try to answer her question: Where can she go? Is anywhere safe? It turns out, Tracy isn't alone in asking the question.
Corporate America must be compelled to fess up about the financial risks posed by the climate crisis, a coalition of state attorneys general told the Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday.
New research shows high-elevation forests in the Rocky Mountains are burning more now than any time in the past 2,000 years amid extreme, climate change-induced drought. 
Flooding is the most costly natural disaster in the United States. As climate change increases the risk of flood damage, a new report finds that the country's National Flood Insurance Program is greatly underestimating the financial threat to homeowners.
I've been a meteorologist at CNN since 1999. And for a long time I didn't think that global warming gasses would overwhelm the earth enough to change its climate. One big number ultimately changed my mind. 
Marine biologist Erika Woolsey is using immersive virtual dives to raise awareness of coral reef damage and inspire action to protect our seas.
The Wildbook for Whale Sharks uses an algorithm first developed by NASA to identify individual whale sharks by the patterns on their skin. This provides scientists with critical information about the sharks' population hotspots and migration routes.
Not sure how we found ourselves in this climate crisis? Still on the fence about how much the planet is warming and how much of it is caused by humans? Here are the facts you need.
A new study predicts the eroding ice sheets at the Southern pole could trigger a serious rise in sea levels even if climate change is addressed. 
An estimated 77% of the world's cities are going to face dramatic changes in climate conditions by 2050, a new study says. A fifth will face conditions so extreme they don't exist anywhere on earth yet.
The ice surrounding Alaska is not just melting. It is so low that residents along the western and northern coastlines are facing a crisis of survivability.
Within your child or grandchild's lifetime, the weather may be dramatically different because of climate change. The past five years have already been the hottest on record for our planet, but based on new projections, it's going to get a lot hotter for the 250 million people living in North American cities. 
Greta Thunberg has rapidly become a household name since she began her climate strikes in 2018. And she's not alone.

Viral internet challenge #trashtag has encouraged a worldwide garbage cleanup. 
New research sheds light on the geograpy of climate change confusion in the United States, where there's more agreement on clean energy than on climate science.
Smoke from severe wildfires burning on the West Coast has blown thousands of miles east, now reaching parts of the Midwest, Canada and upstate New York. 
Andres Figueroa spent time in the Atacama Desert, one of the driest places on Earth, and took portraits of Chileans who dress up for religious festivals.
Sweden has some of the most generous parental leave on Earth, and these new dads are taking advantage of it.
Home means many different things to different people. 
Deep within the Amazonian rainforest live the Huaorani people, who didn't have any contact with the outside world until the 1960s.
German photographer Felix von der Osten visited an Indian reservation in Montana last year and set out to show the "beauty and richness of the culture."
Richard Ross' latest collection of photos, "Girls in Justice," conveys the ugliness of a young person's life behind bars.

Pieter ten Hoopen took portraits of refugees at the Mayo camp in Khartoum, Sudan. He set up a studio near a hospital, and it quickly became a sensation.
Jooney Woodward's portraits focus on the inexplicable yet noticeable bonds that exist between show animals and their handlers.
CNN Hero Dr. Ricardo Pun-Chong's Peruvian non-profit, Inspira, provides free housing, meals and overall support for sick kids and their families while they undergo treatment. 
CNN Hero Neal Bermas' non-profit STREETS International provides at-risk youth with a rigorous training program, preparing them for careers in Vietnam's booming culinary and hospitality industries.
CNN Hero Brisa De Angulo founded A Breeze of Hope Foundation in Bolivia -- the group provides free and comprehensive psychological, legal, medical and social services for child and adolescent survivors of sexual abuse. 
"If people weren't trying to buy child sex it wouldn't be being sold." Actress and activist Mira Sorvino talks about the child sex trade in Cambodia.
CNN Freedom Project. In Nepal, organ traffickers are duping villagers into having operations and taking their kidneys.
In Guatemala, nearly ten out of every 100,000 women are killed. The country ranks third in murder of women worldwide. But there is hope for the future.
Aid workers on the front lines in ISIS' sights talk about what keeps them there despite the risk.
The Syrian war has closed schools, forcing many young Syrians to defer their education. One young Syrian woman is helping others while she waits for peace.
In 2011, more than 3 million people lived in the Syrian city of Aleppo. Then the bombs came. Here are ways you can help.
As fighting escalates in Yemen, Doctors Without Borders, UNICEF, CARE and others are trying to provide food, water, and medical supplies. 
Widely regarded as the birthplace of coffee, Ethiopia is one of the world's largest producers of the popular brew.. 
There's much more to Mauritius than golden beaches and grand hotels. SKC Surat has grown from a fruit and veg market trader to the country's market leader.
Three landmark civil rights laws are as central to the Martin Luther King Jr.'s legacy as his "I Have a Dream" speech. But a new conservative bloc on the Supreme Court is poised to dismantle them -- while likely claiming to honor King's legacy.
What happened to the meteorologist accused of a racial slur has become a ritual. He was tied to the social media version of a whipping post. But here's a blasphemous thought: What if this ritual actually reinforces racism instead of combating it?
 
It is the most insidious form of racism: angry white men who project their aggression onto others. We explain how this anger is driving politics
The standards for racially offensive language are shifting. One word shows how.
The recent spate of 911 calls on blacks isn't a symptom of anything new. It's a modern twist on something old, say some historians and those who've lived through it.

People are starting to see race like gender -- as a choice. Here's why more people are picking their own race, and why that might make racism worse.

When the Trump administration recently signaled it was going to crack down on affirmative action, some critics responded: Why not start with Trump himself?
Beyoncé rocked Coachella and Kendrick Lamar grabbed a Pulitzer. But they also gave us a lesson on being "unapologetically black."
Here's a shocking truth the racist yearbook photo won't reveal: Some of black people's best friends were white politicians who were racist.
He was a spiritual genius who mentored MLK and carried Gandhi's teaching to America. Meet Howard Thurman, the man who "put angry hearts at ease."
What do white athletes owe black teammates they've befriended when those friends take a public stand against racism? Boston Celtics legend Bob Cousy's tears offer an answer.

How do you call someone a racist without ever using the word? Use terms like "racialist" or "ethno-nationalist." The spread of this new racial doublespeak, though, may reinforce racism while pretending to call it out.
If Democrats hope to take back the White House, they will have to do better than mobilize those who don't normally vote in midterms. Florida -- and maybe Georgia -- shows that won't be enough. They will have to wake up the "too woke to vote" crowd.
Years before Nazis preached about a master race, millions of Americans tried to breed a better, and whiter, race. A new PBS film looks at "The Eugenics Crusade" that caused leaders to sterilize scores of Americans deemed genetically unfit.
President Donald Trump may be on the verge on doing something that arguably no American leader has ever done:
He is widely considered America's greatest pastor, but Billy Graham refused to take a clear stand against the greatest moral evil America faced in his day, some say.
For this Somali refugee and her family, making it to the United States was the end of one journey and the beginning of another.
Border Patrol agents can conduct immigration checks in a broad area known as the 100-mile zone, which encompasses many major cities and several entire states.
ICE Air, run by Immigration and Customs Enforcement, has deported nearly 100,000 people on charter planes in the past year.
Jesús and his mother thought crossing the border would be the hardest part of their journey. But now this question haunts them: Will America let them stay?
Bobbi Young describes how her family fought for nursing home reform after her mother was raped at a facility when she was 88. One of her mother's last wishes was for people to understand that no one is too old to become a victim of rape.  
No one believed he would rape nursing home residents. Now he's going to prison. 
The Vatican has told the US Conference of Catholic Bishops to delay voting on measures to hold bishops accountable for failing to protect children from sexual abuse, the president of the conference said in a surprise announcement Monday morning.  
Pope Francis accepted the resignation of Cardinal Donald Wuerl, the embattled archbishop of Washington. But the Pope's high praise for Wuerl in the wake of two clergy sexual abuse scandals angered some abuse survivors. 
The Department of Justice has subpoenaed at least seven of the eight Catholic dioceses in Pennsylvania as part of an investigation into abuse by priests. 
For the first time in 600 years, there are two living popes, one retired and one active, whose fates may be intertwined, even as many of their followers are at odds. 
The US Catholic bishops' conference issued a dramatic apology on Wednesday for the role of bishops in the church's clergy sexual abuse scandal and announced new initiatives to hold abusive or negligent bishops accountable. 
You know the scandals in the Catholic Church are bad when a leading American cardinal says his own mother is ashamed to show her faith in public. That's what Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York told CNN's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday. 
Even before Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano called for Pope Francis to resign on Sunday, the two men had a history, and it wasn't good. 
If the Catholic sexual abuse scandal that came to light in 2002 slowly unspooled through news reports, Pennsylvania's grand jury report landed like an atom bomb, dropping its online horrors all at once. 
He was a Jew from Brooklyn named Bernie who became of world's most influential -- and controversial -- Buddhist Zen masters.
How should Christians, or anyone for that matter, respond to the outrages that seem to ooze from our screens every day? 
Days after the Museum of the Bible acknowledged purchasing forged Dead Sea Scrolls, more American Christians say they now suspect that they, too, have bought pricey fakes. 
In August of 1949, Billy Graham was just another lost soul who literally climbed a mountain in search of spiritual clarity. 
Psychologists call the emotion "elevation," and it can have enormous power over us, whether you're the Pope or a famous Hollywood director. 
In a short but impassioned sermon Saturday, Rabbi Jeffrey Myers blamed politicians for a rise in hateful rhetoric, saying it led to the massacre at his synagogue last week in which 11 Jews were slain in the worst anti-Semitic attack in US history. 
Pittsburgh's grieving Jewish community welcomed the Sabbath outside the Tree of Life Synagogue on Friday evening, an emotional act of worship and defiance just six days after the worst attack of anti-Semitism in American history.
Rabbi Jeffrey Myers lies awake at night, wrestling with his conscience and his God. It's been nearly a week since seven members of his congregation were slaughtered in the worst act of anti-Semitism in American history. 
As they mourn their dead, Jews are having difficult discussions about the tensions between the core Jewish value of helping strangers in need and the need to keep their communities safe from anti-Semites and others with violent intentions. 
What does the Bible say about arming pastors and people in the pews? That's the question some are asking after a gunman recently killed 11 people at a synagogue. Clergy cite dueling scriptures to  answer this question.
Wineland, 21, captivated millions of people around the world with her honest talk about illness and mortality while living with cystic fibrosis.
They were fighting to save their son. And the cost of the "miracle drug" he needed kept rising.
More than 80% of doctors who filed Medicare claims in 2016 for H.P. Acthar Gel -- a drug best known for treating a rare infant seizure disorder -- received money or other perks from the drugmakers.
He was a legendary tank commander in WWII who returned to the scene of a battle 68 years later to meet a former enemy and answer one question about a woman he encountered in a battle: Did she live? 
 

Rural suicides outpace those in urban America, and Montana's suicide rate leads the nation. One farming family in north central Montana shares their story of loss in the hopes that their anguish can save others. 

A gay couple wanted a family and, with the help of two women, had a son. When a storage tank holding embryos, or future siblings, failed, the outcome touched them all. 
Cara Pressman had a blunt "screw you" message for Aetna after the insurer denied her minimally invasive brain surgery. After the teen spoke up, Aetna changed its policy -- and Cara got her surgery.
Her only chance at life is a new liver, but her insurer said no. Then she wrote a powerful plea to the CEO.
Decades-old allegations against Judge Brett Kavanaugh have introduced a new chapter in the #MeToo movement. Some women are thinking and talking about their own sexual assaults for the first time in years. And they're asking themselves if they could come forward.
In one of California's few conservative strongholds, the sons and daughters of once-targeted immigrants are fired up to bring change at the polls.
Three bullets hit Rachel Sheppard when a gunman opened fire on a music festival in Las Vegas. A stranger and a woman she barely knew saved her -- and changed them all.
Kentucky may become the first state to effectively outlaw abortion. But the women in Appalachia would simply like birth control, sex ed and honest talk.
Paulette Leaphart was the perfect hero: a cancer survivor baring her double-mastectomy scars on a 1,000-mile walk to Washington. Until her own words got in the way.
A CNN exclusive investigation uncovers what could be a child trafficking scheme for adoptions after one mom blew the whistle. 
California's insurance commissioner has launched an investigation into Aetna after learning a former medical director for the insurer admitted under oath he never looked at patients' records when deciding whether to approve or deny care.

Most hate crimes are committed by four types of people, according to an obscure study used by FBI.  

We know what the world lost when MLK Jr. was assassinated. But what more could it have gained had he survived? How would he have changed events? Here are four scenarios.
Exclusive: Breathing machines gone silent. Hospital cutbacks. Six months after Hurricane Maria, the deaths continue in this town
Her Baha'i beliefs in peace, altruism and humanity were, undoubtedly, instrumental to Mahvash Sabet's perseverance in prison. But she also relied on something else: poetry. 

After owning the iconic moment of the 2016 Democratic National Convention, Gold Star father Khizr Khan is now endorsing Democratic hopefuls, especially veterans, and is familiar enough to make robocalls and share headlines with powerful operatives.
Farris Barakat began talking tolerance after his brother was killed in what Muslims saw as a hate crime. Three years later, he sees himself as an activist for America.
As America remembers Barack Obama's election 10 years ago this year, we explore three reasons why some Americans believe his vision of America is still the future -- even in today's political climate.
It's easy to blame neo-Nazis for violence in Charlottesville. But activists and historians point to four ways millions of ordinary Americans become 'white supremacists by default.'
Critics say the Trump's administration is trying to make images of white men wielding all the power seem normal again. If so, can they get away with it?

Here's how Trump's presidential victory becomes another Lost Cause. It starts with "racial amnesia."

For many years, Sherry Johnson kept silent about her forced marriage and the abuse she suffered as a girl. But now her plight may bring an end to child marriage in Florida.
Kate Weissman's parents paid $95,000 for her cancer treatment after UnitedHealthcare denied coverage. She's now cancer-free. One medical director who denied coverage isn't board-certified  "gynecologic oncology."
Many Americans have turned MLK into a safe holiday mascot, but some say King still speaks to three contemporary issues in America that go beyond civil rights.
It's a surreal to see your old neighborhood go up in flames. But when I returned to Baltimore this week, the rage made sense. The older black men were gone.
Easter isn't just about a risen savior. The resurrection stories can also be seen as a #MeToo moment, some say. 
Teachers in local schools suddenly found themselves on the front lines of a crisis after immigration authorities swept through a Tennessee meatpacking plant.
Dady Jean and her daughter, Schnaika, were brought to the United States after a 2010 quake injured the girl. Now they're among nearly 60,000 Haitians facing deportation.


They're not slumped over in alleyways. They haven't lost everything. They are the heroin addicts living next door and fooling their families. 
Anthony C. Acevedo, a World War II medic and one of 350 US soldiers held in a Nazi slave labor camp, has died at 93. His final words: "How life tells a story."
In Winston-Salem, North Carolina, people on opposite sides of the immigration debate have one thing in common: fear.

Is "The Last Jedi" a warning about the end of organized religion in America, or a parable about spiritual renewal? 
Some scholars say the artifacts date to the days of Jesus. But others say they're forgeries meant to dupe Christians, including the new Museum of the Bible.
Some Christians call Donald Trump a believer, others an "idolater" What does he really believe? His pastor offers some clues.  
The EPA says this Louisiana town has the nation's highest risk of developing cancer from air toxins. The plant emitting the toxins says otherwise. Locals are outraged.
Islamophobia didn't start on 9/11. It's rooted in one of America's oldest prejudices -- and it's more dangerous than you think.  
Grant County, Nebraska, has the highest rate of Obamacare enrollees in the US. It also voted overwhelmingly for President Trump. A disconnect? Not to residents.
Jadon and Anias McDonald, the once-conjoined twins whose separation surgery last year captivated millions, have returned home after nine months of rehabilitation.
The late Bishop Eddie Long was a megachurch pastor whose career was derailed by scandal. I saw his rise and fall, up close and personal.
The H-1B visa was meant to bring the world's smartest people to America but that's not how it always works. Under Trump, the program faces fresh scrutiny.
Guns are not a part of the culture of my homeland, except perhaps for the occasional Bollywood movie in which the bad guy meets his demise staring down the wrong end of a barrel. 
Corporate greed and potential environmental disaster are arguments against the Dakota Access Pipeline. But a big issue for the Standing Rock Sioux and other Native Americans is the threat to sacred land.
K.S. Narendran is disappointed the search for MH370 was suspended,  but his personal journey to live life without his wife continues.
Heroin's shattering force hit Huntington, WV, in a span of 5 hours: 28 overdoses, 2 deaths. Here is the story of the day when "all hell broke loose."
Forget about the politics of abortion and labels like "pro-life" and "pro-choice." The "pro-voice" philosophy says the divide has kept people from listening, and it's time to change. 
A small city in Canada welcomes Syrian refugees with open arms.
People of color traditionally told stories of suddenly discovering they were different, of not fitting in. Now white people are telling the same kind of stories.
No one is ever a racist, judging by a parade of public apologies. But what if a person said: "What I did was racist, and there's no other excuse. I was wrong."
Thousands of Cubans who say they're fleeing a repressive government and searching for economic opportunity are taking their first steps in the United States.
We're in a post-verbal world where people tweet and text more than talk to one another. Yet a subculture of storytelling is thriving at places like Toastmasters.
As my mother lay dying last September, we surrounded her with song. Music had filled her life and often our household. Now it became our way to connect with her, when her deteriorating brain allowed for little else. 
Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch was raised Catholic but attends an Episcopal church.  Would he be the court's sixth Catholic justice or its only Protestant?
It's a summer camp with a distinction: participants are young people touched by terror. This year 55 gathered together and found solace in their common bond.
The 10 Palombo siblings lost their father during the terrorist attacks of 9/11. When their mother died several years later, they agreed to raise each other. 
The friendship between an American teen and a young French woman is unlikely except one thing: they both lost their fathers to terrorism. And their bond is deep.
Here's a dirty little secret about the civil rights movement:. A lot of Americans don't want to hear about it. Ans why should they?
When children are killed by guns, the voices of the young brothers and sisters left behind are seldom heard. Theirs is the untold story of this American tragedy.
He's 6-foot-9 and built like a redwood. Everyone calls him "Tree." On Tuesday afternoon, he tattoed the names of eight fallen friends on his arm. He knew 17.
A landmark case in Minnesota probes what happens when a school massacre is foiled, and the legal system wrestles with what to do next.
Richmond, California, has seen a dramatic drop in homicides after a program was introduced that offers violent youth a $1,000 monthly stipend to stop their ways.
The city of Savannah, Georgia, has seen a surge in gun violence. And despite a new initiative to stop the killings, the shootings have not abated. 
The NRA may seem unstoppable, but four examples from American history show that even seemngly invincible political groups can suffer stunning defeats.
The April 25, 2015, quake in Nepal changed the life of 10-year-old Maya Gurung. A few days later, a second quake altered her life's trajectory again. This time, in a way no one could have imagined.


The deadliest terrorist attack in Belgian history has turned the spotlight on a city at odds with itself. The mood in Brussels is one of defiance -- and fear.
The band's fans had always been a tight-knit crowd -- and now never more so. They are bound by one awful night and determined to tell a story of love. 

How centuries of racism shaped the people of Haiti and the Dominican Republic -- and continue to echo through a modern-day immigration crisis.
Pregnant women infected with the rubella virus, or German measles, during a 1960s US epidemic, gave birth to babies with multiple birth defects. More than 50 years later, their children still need care. 
I followed Danny Thompson to the salt flats of Utah to witness his day of reckoning in the vast shimmering flatness hot rod racers call the Great White Dyno. 
Sikhs paid a price after 9/11 and many feel no safer 15 years later as terrorist incidents give rise to a climate of fear.
Three people died in self-help guru James Arthur Ray's sweat lodge. But in a real indigenous sweat, people get a second chance at life. 
A woman who survived a brutal gang rape at Florida State University returns to campus nearly three decades later to make peace with the past.
The conventional wisdom is that Hillary Clinton is reluctant to talk about religion, which is only half true. Her faith has both a public and a private face.
The effects of a Texas law before the U.S. Supreme Court have already been felt: Clinics across the state have closed, leaving many women in an abortion desert. 
In 2010, Marcelas Owens was photographed standing next to the President as he signed Obamacare into law. Now Marcelas is 17 and marking another rite of passage -- as a transgender teen.
Jesse Brown battled poverty and racism to become the Navy's first black pilot. Two of his biggest allies were white men. What about Brown inspired such loyalty?
Accounts vary over what got the fists -- and the bullets -- flying on a Sunday afternoon that would mark the most violent day in Texas biker history.
A neighborhood in Anchorage lies in the most diverse census tract in America and life there is far from the stereotype of Alaska.
With a ribbon cutting and speeches, a path between two Malibu mansions was opened and Billionaire's Beach was turned over to John and Jane Q. Public. 
He is an Ivy League-educated "man of science." He's also the man exorcists call for help. Here's how one psychiatrist became a believer in demonic possession.
Are coincidences part of some cosmic drama shaped by unseen hands? Or are they the result of a person's desperate need to find meaning in odd connections?
With a buzzworthy performance, Steve Carell brings the Boo Radley of a CNN reporter's childhood back to life in "Foxcatcher." 
Until the mass shooting in Orlando, the deadliest attack on LGBT people in the U.S. belonged to New Orleans. A 1973 gay bar arson attack killed 32.
The terrorist attacks in Paris killed 130, injured hundreds more and left thousands reeling -- their minds scarred by indelible images and grief. 

It's been his beat for 17 years. Now Deon Joseph sees an interest in Skid Row that didn't exist when downtown Los Angeles was a shell no one visited.

Susan Bennett of suburban Atlanta says she is the voice of the original U.S. version of Siri on Apple's iPhone.
Willie Jessop, once the feared head of imprisoned polygamist prophet Warren Jeffs' security team, has switched sides. He's testifying for the federal government. 
Jamaican lottery scams target nearly 300,000 Americans a year, costing them $300 million annually -- and leading to suicides among the most vulnerable victims.
In the shadow of Everest, the villagers who make Nepal's tourism business possible see virtually no sign of help. Until a native son arrives.

The last Equal Rights Amendment campaign failed to pass by its 1982 deadline. Now, the fight for the ERA is heating up again.

Two women on opposite sides of the aisle in Washington are setting aside barriers for a common goal: They want to see the ERA in the U.S. Constitution.
Imagine countries where women and girls have it worst. The U.S. probably doesn't come to mind. But there are surprising ways in which the U.S. lags behind.
The Anderson Monarchs, a Philadelphia baseball team that includes Little League phenom Mo'ne Davis, embarks on a bus tour to learn civil rights history.


Leavenworth Detention Center seems like a prime example of why President Joe Biden wants to close private prisons: So far this year, the federally contracted jail has been the site of multiple stabbings and a fatal beating. Former guards say drugs and weapons are common behind bars -- and for months, many cell doors didn't even lock. A judge called it "an absolute hellhole" at a recent sentencing hearing.  
Brandon Steele, a second-term Republican in West Virginia's House, worked Amid fears on social media and by gun-rights groups that the Second Amendment is under threat, GOP lawmakers have rushed to pass state laws seeking to blunt any federal gun restrictions the Biden administration might adopt.
Federal prosecutors in Kansas have launched a criminal grand jury investigation into a retired Kansas City police detective who is the subject of long-swirling allegations that he "exploited and terrorized" Black residents of the city's north end for decades, CNN has learned.
As Texas' law hurtles toward the US Supreme Court, women in Nicole's shoes have been forced to make rushed decisions or travel hundreds of miles to access health care.
The federal government's academy for merchant mariners is halting a key training program that sends students thousands of miles away from campus on commercial ships after a 19-year-old student was allegedly raped at sea.
International shipping giant Maersk has suspended five crew members and launched an investigation in the wake of an explosive blog post from a student at a federal service academy who said she was raped in 2019 on one of the company's ships when she was 19 years old.
The company that operates the pipeline responsible for the oil spill off the Southern California coast has been cited by federal regulators for more than 100 violations over the past 11 years, including at least two that led to worker injuries, government and court records show.
The assessment was dire: Horacio Estrada-Elias had "less than 18 months" left to live, his prison doctor wrote last year in a document submitted with the 90-year-old inmate's request for compassionate release. 
Trump's efforts to subvert the election leave the future of free and fair elections in jeopardy.
A Texas woman told police in 2002 that Georgia US Senate candidate Herschel Walker had threatened and stalked her, according to a police report obtained by CNN.  
MyPillow CEO Mike Lindell, a close ally of former President Donald Trump, has emerged as one of the most vocal boosters still pushing false claims about the 2020 election. His latest theory about vote-switching is outrageous.
Mohammed al-Qahtani is one of only 39 detainees left at Guantanamo. Once tortured, prisoner's quest for freedom is a test of larger political realities at play for the Biden administration.
A slew of midterm candidates are using phony election fraud claims in Arizona to cozy up to Trump supporters
Inspectors from the town of Surfside visited Champlain Towers South to review permits dozens of times in the years before it collapsed. Now, the Florida disaster could lead to stricter building rules.
An independent budget review warned the Champlain Towers South condo association that its financial reserves were critically underfunded in the face of urgently needed structural repairs a little over a year before the building collapsed, a document obtained by CNN shows. 
Sara Nir was up late, checking her email when she heard knocking sounds that went from a soft tapping to hard pounding to a frightful crash overhead -- as if a wall had collapsed in the unit above her ground-floor condo.   
A family suing the Champlain Towers South condo association names the engineering firm that performed a 2018 structural analysis of the building as a defendant, arguing the firm should have more thoroughly examined the building's stability.
Two and a half years before her building collapsed into a pile of rubble, Champlain Towers South resident Mara Chouela dashed off the latest in a string of angry complaints about the development project next door. 
A new class-action lawsuit has been filed against the Champlain Towers South condominium association in connection to last week's deadly collapse in Surfside, Florida. 
Condo owners in the South Florida tower that collapsed last week were facing assessments for millions of dollars worth of repairs -- with payments set to begin a week after the building's deadly fall.
Amid a rescue mission now in its fifth day, engineers and government officials are trying to determine how a Surfside, Florida, condominium tower crashed to the ground, seemingly without warning.
The collapse of a high-rise condo tower in South Florida early Thursday morning has left at least four people dead and 159 more currently unaccounted for. Now, as the search for survivors continues, a critical question looms: What caused the building to fall?
The death toll in the Surfside, Florida, residential building collapse has risen to five, Miami-Dade County Mayor Daniella Levine Cava said at a Saturday evening news conference. 
Months after Ashli Babbitt was shot dead during the Capitol Hill riot, her memory has become as polarizing and as politicized as the day itself.
Cyber Ninjas, the company running Arizona Senate's controversial election 'audit,' is one man - Doug Logan - whose spouting of debunked conspiracy theories about 2020 election fraud may bring him more such 'audits' in other states.  
The federal agency responsible for overseeing consumer product safety is investigating Amazon branded electronic products highlighted in a CNN investigation last year, according to records and interviews. 
One of America's largest hospital chains, Community Health Systems, has filed at least 19,000 lawsuits against patients in the last year, a CNN investigation finds.
Three weeks into the Arizona Senate's unorthodox audit of the 2020 presidential election results, one potential winner seems to be emerging, regardless of any count: Cyber Ninjas, the Florida-based consulting firm being paid to lead the analysis of the votes in populous Maricopa County.
Biden administration wrestling with massive backlog of nearly 2.6 million immigrant visa applications, caused by restrictions from Trump policies and covid-19 pandemic.
Federal authorities are looking into whether a 2018 trip to the Bahamas involving Republican Congressman Matt Gaetz and several young women was part of an orchestrated effort to illegally influence Gaetz in the area of medical marijuana, people briefed on the matter told CNN.   
In the months after George Floyd's death, Minneapolis Police Department officers reported using force on far fewer people -- but then use of force spiked late last year, a CNN analysis of department data found.
An Arizona businessman who secured more than $1 million in Covid-19 relief funding and then purchased a Porsche and a new home is now facing federal fraud charges. James Polzin, 47, is accused of filing fraudulent applications for government loans by claiming "nonexistent employees and revenues for businesses he supposedly owned and operated." 
 A review of state data shows how reducing weekend voting could affect a crucial Democratic voting bloc -- as Republicans in Georgia move swiftly to erect news barriers to voting after losing key contests.
Ahmad Al Aliwi Alissa was identified by authorities Tuesday as the gunman who opened fire at a King Soopers grocery store in Colorado, killing 10 people, including a Boulder police officer. 
A former Florida state senator who resigned in disgrace four years ago was charged Thursday with campaign finance violations related to a hotly contested state Senate race in the 2020 election, authorities said.
His past clients say he's a scammer who ran off with their money, and a judge barred him from illegally masquerading as a certified public accountant after government officials caught on to his scheme. But none of that stopped him from getting six PPP loans. 
Weeks before the Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, in 2017, a burly and bearded neo-Nazi told a CNN reporter on camera that "Jews are terrorists." 
OSHA, the federal agency responsible for protecting workers did little to hold nursing homes accountable for dangerous conditions during the coronavirus pandemic until it was too late, its own records show.  
An Oath Keeper who appeared to be providing security for political operative Roger Stone on January 6 later joined an angry mob outside the Capitol, according to video and images reviewed by CNN and four sources who confirmed his identity.
As the Trump faithful gathered around the Capitol on January 6, two conspiracy theories peddling in government mistrust converged: The fraudulent belief that the election was stolen, and the dangerous narrative that Covid-19 vaccinations are wildly unsafe. 
They were there to "stop the steal" and to keep the president they revered in office, yet records show that some of the rioters who stormed the US Capitol did not vote in the very election they were protesting.
Eighty-year-old Belma Requejo of Los Angeles County is trapped in her home with her 83-year-old husband and two other elderly relatives. 
Before Proud Boys member Nick Ochs was arrested and charged in connection with the insurrection at the US Capitol, he raised $300 on the Christian-oriented website GiveSendGo.com  to help get him to DC.
After the deadly sacking of the US Capitol this month, President Donald Trump's reelection campaign has insisted it had nothing to do with the National Mall rally that preceded the riot and featured a speech from the President.
Steve Bannon evoked the beaches of Normandy. Michael Flynn drew comparisons to Civil War battlefields and spoke of Americans who died for their country. Roger Stone called it a struggle "between the godly and the godless, between good and evil." Rudy Giuliani called for "trial by combat." Ali Alexander said it would be a "knife fight." 
President Donald Trump's personal attorney Rudy Giuliani has been working to bolster conspiratorial claims that left-wing agitators played a dominant role in the last week's Capitol riot. 
Some GOP lawmakers' speeches helped set the tone for Capitol riot. Now that rhetoric is drawing blowback from colleagues. 
Among the mob of extremists and Trump supporters that invaded the US Capitol last week in a deadly riot were former members of the very institution that is supposed to protect America from invasion: the US military.
A rioter who stormed the US Capitol Wednesday wearing a sweatshirt emblazoned with the phrase "Camp Auschwitz" has been identified as Robert Keith Packer of Virginia, according to three sources who spoke with CNN.
Washington, DC's Metropolitan Police Department made roughly five times as many arrests during the height of last June's Black Lives Matter protests  compared to the US Capitol insurrection on Wednesday, a CNN analysis of the police department's data found.
In the weeks before the riot at the US Capitol, the warning signs were clear: online posts from hate groups and right-wing groups agitating for civil war and attacks on law enforcement. Experts are warning that the calls for violence have only intensified ahead of Inauguration Day, when President-elect Joe Biden will be sworn in as commander in chief.

The mob of Trump supporters who stormed the US Capitol on Wednesday included conspiracy theorists linked to QAnon and the Proud Boys -- two right-wing extremist factions that President Trump repeatedly refused to condemn during his election campaign last year. 
Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford has become the latest football player to receive racist abuse online and described the incident as "humanity and social media at its worst." 
Tom Moore, the World War II veteran who raised millions for a British charity supporting the UK's National Health Service by walking laps of his garden before his 100th birthday, has been hospitalized with Covid-19 and pneumonia, his daughter Hannah said on Twitter Sunday.
Palmeiras fans ignored social distancing rules and gathered in large groups to celebrate the Brazilian team's dramatic victory in the Copa Libertadores on Saturday.
An Austrian man who died in December has left an undisclosed fortune to the French village of Le Chambon-sur-Lignon to thank residents for hiding his family from Nazis during World War II. 
Five men have been arrested in connection with a fire "believed to have been started deliberately" at a UK asylum facility on Friday.
Chelsea has called on social media platforms to do more to tackle racism online after defender Reece James was subject to abuse on Friday. 
The foundation set up by Russian opposition leader Alexey Navalny has called on US President Joe Biden to impose sanctions on at least eight high profile Russian figures it says are close to Russian President Vladimir Putin.   
The European Union's medicines regulator on Friday recommended authorizing the Oxford-AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine, capping off a turbulent week which saw the bloc attack the drugmaker over delays to supply.
The UN General Assembly in September last year was a pivotal moment in the pandemic, when leaders began to show some unity as global deaths approached a million. They had learned hard lessons from the damage that hoarding protective equipment had done, they said. When a vaccine was developed, the world's most vulnerable would be first in line, they claimed. 
Preparation for this year's Australian Open has been unlike anything these professional tennis players have previously experienced.
Freddy, a Great Dane celebrated by Guinness World Records as the tallest dog in the world, has died.
Thousands of cheering fans packed the stands on Friday to watch some of tennis' biggest stars warm up for the Australian Open -- with hardly a face mask to be seen. 
Some talented dogs can learn new words after hearing them only four times, according to a new study.
Liverpool showed glimpses of last season's title-winning pedigree to return to winning ways on Thursday, beating Jose Mourinho's Tottenham Hotspur 3-1 in the Premier League.
An infamous 1969 fly-on-the-wall documentary about the British royal family, supposedly banned by Queen Elizabeth II for decades for giving the public an overly intimate view of the royals, has been mysteriously leaked onto YouTube.
For years, scientists have been wondering why wombat poop is cube-shaped (yes, really). Now, they say they have got to the bottom of the mystery. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law on Friday ratifying the extension of New START, a key arms control treaty with the United States, a week before it was due to expire, the Kremlin said in a statement.
A new Covid-19 vaccine from Novavax was found to be 89.3% effective in a clinical trial conducted in the UK and appears to offer protection against some variants of the coronavirus, the American biotech firm has announced. 
In between a surging pandemic and a global scramble for vaccines, the fate of this year's Olympic Games has become shrouded in uncertainty.  
A crazy Premier League season went up a whole level of craziness on Wednesday.
A Russian court rejected an appeal Thursday to overturn the 30-day detention of Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny ahead of a hearing next month over whether he should face jail time for a years-old fraud case.
Under the new rules, abortion in Poland will only be legal in two scenarios -- if the pregnancy threatened the mother's life and health, or if a woman became pregnant following rape or incest.
Three-time tennis grand slam champion Naomi Osaka says she has invested in National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) franchise North Carolina Courage.
Germany's vaccine commission said the AstraZeneca coronavirus vaccine should not be given to people older than 65 years, amid a bitter dispute between the European Union and the drugmaker over delayed supplies.
The Olympic Games are now are set to begin in less than six months on July 23, and major questions remain as to how Japan plans to pull off what could prove to be the most complex sporting event ever held.
Mass Covid-19 vaccination programs are underway in many countries around the world, offering the first glimmer of hope that life as we knew it could be back within our reach.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about Chechnya, a republic in southwestern Russia, in the Caucasus Mountains region. 
French sailor Yannick Bestaven was declared the winner of the round-the-world Vendée Globe race on Thursday following his role in the rescue of a fellow competitor.
The English National Opera (ENO) is rolling out its singing, breathing and wellbeing program for recovering coronavirus patients around the country following a successful trial.
It was meant to be his dream week, when all his hard work came to fruition. 
"Why are you detaining me? Have I violated any laws?" demanded Yulia Navalnaya, as four policemen surrounded her on Saturday. She was on her way to a protest in Moscow, where thousands had gathered to demand the release of her husband, Russian opposition leader Alexey Navalny, from jail.
The United States' determination that China is committing genocide in Xinjiang presents a rare moral predicament for athletes and countries preparing to compete in the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing.
Talk about a busy evening. Zlatan Ibrahimović generated plenty of headlines on Tuesday in the Milan derby -- and then some.
A letter from a descendent of Italy's wartime King, apologizing for his ancestor's role in enabling Mussolini's fascist policies during World War II, has been criticized by historians and Jewish groups after several decades of silence from members of the disbanded royal family.
Sibling rivalry at a young age can often be a professional athlete's beginning in their sport. 
In March last year, the UK government said it was hopeful the country could cap its coronavirus deaths at 20,000. It was a grim target to set, but one the nation came to begrudgingly accept. Ten months later, more than 100,000 Britons are dead.
Sekou Smith, a NBA reporter and analyst for more than two decades, has died from Covid-19. He was 48.
Krishna Kumar had long dreamed of watching the Indian cricket team play in Australia. But when that dream materialized at the Sydney Cricket Ground (SCG) earlier this month, the experience, he says, was belittling.
Sanofi will fill and pack millions of doses of Pfizer's Covid-19 vaccine from July in an effort to help meet the huge demand for the U.S. drugmaker's shots.
Tennis star Nick Kyrgios says he feels safe at the prospect of playing in this year's Australian Open as he played down complaints from fellow stars who are quarantining ahead of the tournament in Melbourne. 
Tennis champion Margaret Court, who has had a frosty relationship with the Australian Open over her views on sexuality and same-sex marriage in recent years, says she not been invited to this year's tournament in a radio interview with 3AW.
"Man, it's a saying that time heals all," LeBron James said following the Los Angeles Lakers' win over Chicago on Saturday.
Chelsea has confirmed former Paris Saint-Germain manager Thomas Tuchel as its new boss, a day after Frank Lampard was let go by the Premier League club. 
Working people suffered far more injuries than their richer contemporaries, a new study of human remains from the medieval period shows.
Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte handed in his resignation on Tuesday, in a tactical political maneuver that he hopes will allow him to build a new coalition.
The Southern Hills Country Club in Tulsa, Oklahoma will host the 2022 PGA Championship following the decision to take the event away from the Trump National Golf Club.
Rafael Nadal says he feels "privileged" to be playing in this year's Australian Open as he called on his fellow stars to have a "wider perspective" on the mandatory quarantine period ahead of the tournament.
Some 31 London Metropolitan Police officers each face a £200 fine (about $275) after having their hair cut at a police station in east London -- breaching Covid-19 regulations -- while on duty.
Like the Sly and the Family Stone classic, this past weekend was a family affair to remember for the Korda sisters, golfers Jessica and Nelly.
Chelsea has parted company with manager Frank Lampard, the club announced on Monday. 
Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte will resign on Tuesday morning, his office said in a statement on Monday, heightening political turmoil in the country as it battles Covid-19. 
Yulia Navalnaya, the wife of the Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny, was detained in Moscow on Saturday on the sidelines of a protest held in support of her husband.
People in the United Kingdom have been living under lockdown for the past three weeks, hoping their sacrifice would bring the country's latest coronavirus surge -- caused by the new, more contagious variant of the virus -- under control. 
The reviews are in for gymnast Nia Dennis' "Black excellence" floor routine and they're nothing short of sensational.
It's the meeting of the G.O.A.T. and his potential successor -- and fans are salivating at the prospect. 
American mixed martial arts fighter Dustin Poirier defeated Conor McGregor early Sunday in a much-anticipated UFC re-match that left McGregor down for the count in the second round. 
"Wee, sleekit, cowrin, tim'rous beastie," wrote renowned Sottish poet Robert Burns in his poem "To a Mouse."
Organizers of the Australian Open have scheduled a new warm-up tournament for players who have been unable to train during quarantine. 
The long-running saga between Mesut Ozil and Arsenal came to an end on Sunday as it was announced that the midfielder has joined Fenerbahce on a three-and-a-half-year deal. 
Arsenal's FA Cup title defense came to an end with a 1-0 defeat by Southampton in the fourth round.
Tyrrell Hatton claimed his sixth European Tour title at the Abu Dhabi Championship with a final round 66 on Sunday.
Maya Weug has made history by becoming the first female driver to join the Ferrari Driver Academy. 
LeBron James has opened up the possibility of the LA Lakers visiting the White House in order to celebrate last year's NBA championship -- if only Covid-19 protocols would allow it.  
Conor McGregor is back. Again. The 'Notorious' UFC fighter returns to the Octagon after a third retirement this Saturday and his UFC 257 opponent Dustin Poirier is pleased not many fans will be able to attend.
Angelo Caloia was president of the bank known as Institute of Works of Religion (IOR) from 1999 to 2009. He and two lawyers who consulted for the bank were charged with embezzling money while managing the sale of Italian real estate owned by IOR
The new Covid-19 variant first detected in the UK may be more lethal than previous strains, according to the country's Prime Minister Boris Johnson. 
Reports of this summer's Tokyo Olympic Games being canceled due to Covid-19 are "categorically untrue", the International Olympic Committee said in a statement to CNN on Friday.
Police in London shut down an ultra-Orthodox Jewish wedding with around 150 guests on Thursday. The organizer faces a £10,000 ($13,700) fine for breaking England's coronavirus lockdown, according to police.
With the departure of Donald Trump from the White House, Russia-watchers can be forgiven for breathing a sigh of relief: From the moment Russian President Vladimir Putin called Trump the front-runner for the 2016 Republican nomination, it's been near-impossible to look at Moscow through anything but the lens of Washington politics and scandal.
Whether it was the significance of the transition of power, Amanda Gorman's poem, the famous faces in the crowd or the barrage of Bernie Sanders memes, the inauguration of US President Joe Biden wasn't short of talking points.
Liverpool lost its first Premier League home game in almost four years as relegation-threatened Burnley pulled off a stunning upset to end Jurgen Klopp's 68-game unbeaten run at Anfield.
Sports stars often talk about being in the "zone," that mythical place where good things happen.
Rising tennis star Paula Badosa announced on Thursday that she has tested positive for Covid-19 -- the first known Australian Open player to contract the virus.
Confronting new, more transmissible variants of the coronavirus and a winter spike in infections, a number of European countries are beginning to make medical-grade face masks mandatory in the hope that they can slow the spread of the disease.
City of London Police have discovered and destroyed a "significant" cannabis factory in the heart of London following reports about the strong smell of the plant.
This year has not started well for Real Madrid. 
We are all better after a decent night's sleep -- and insects are no different.
Golden State Warriors head coach Steve Kerr called it a "great day" for Oakland after Kamala Harris, a native of the city, was sworn in as Vice President of the United States. 
The organizers of Glastonbury have announced that Britain's famous music festival will be canceled for a second consecutive year amid the coronavirus pandemic -- an ominous move for live music promoters and artists ahead of an uncertain summer.
At least three people were killed and several injured Wednesday in an explosion caused by a suspected gas leak in the heart of the Spanish capital, Madrid, according to the city's mayor.
Novak Djokovic says his "good" intentions were "misconstrued" after a list of proposals he sent to Craig Tiley, the CEO of Tennis Australia, prompted a backlash from sections of the public.
Tiger Woods' season is on pause after the 15-time major champion underwent a back operation for the fifth time in his career. 
Even locked up in a detention center on the outskirts of Moscow, Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny continues to be a thorn in Russian President Vladimir Putin's side.
Forty-three people died and 10 were rescued after a boat carrying West African migrants capsized off the Libyan coast on Tuesday, the International Organization for Migration (IOM) and UNHCR said in a Wednesday statement.
Experts, long puzzled by how butterflies fly, have found that the insects "clap" their wings together -- and their wings are perfectly evolved for better propulsion.
The quarantine controversy over tennis' Australian Open has raised questions about whether large-scale international sporting events can take place in the middle of a pandemic and could offer a preview of the difficulties facing this summer's Tokyo Olympics.
Although the freakish past 12 months has led to tragedy for many and huge disruption to the sporting calendar, golfer Tyrrell Hatton will look back on 2020 as a breakthrough year.
Golfing great Annika Sorenstam has defended her decision to accept the Presidential Medal of Freedom a day after rioters stormed the US Capitol.
World leaders reacted to Biden's inauguration by offering congratulations, jockeying for position at the forefront of his foreign policy agenda, and in some cases pleading for the reversal of his predecessor's policies. 
Last summer, when England's first peak of the coronavirus pandemic had subsided, Fazilah, an ICU nurse at a central London hospital, sat down to write her resignation letter. 
Spanish police have seized more than two tons of cocaine and arrested 12 people allegedly involved in a large scale drugs smuggling network with connections to Paraguay and Brazil.
A record-breaking run chase at the Gabba saw India topple Australia to take an unlikely 2-1 series victory.
AC Milan fans would have been forgiven for fearing that Father Time was eventually catching up with Zlatan Ibrahimovic.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has braved ice-cold temperatures for an Epiphany Dip in a pool outside of Moscow, according to a video and photos posted by the Kremlin press pool on Tuesday.
The New York Mets have fired general manager Jared Porter after he reportedly sent explicit pictures to a female reporter in 2016. 
Britain's youngest convicted terrorist, who was sentenced to life in prison for masterminding a plot to behead an Australian police officer in broad daylight in 2015, can now be set free, a parole board ruled on Monday.
The rivalry between elite football clubs is already fierce, but it's just been shot into new territory.
Russia's leading Kremlin critic, Alexey Navalny, was detained by police in the outskirts of Moscow on Sunday, moments after his return to the country and five months after he was poisoned with the nerve agent Novichok.
Normally accustomed to practicing for five hours a day in the build up to a grand slam, more than 70 tennis players are now limited to the confines of their hotel rooms as they begin the mandatory two-week quarantine in Melbourne ahead of the Australian Open.
Instead of training for up to five hours a day as they prepare for the Australian Open, 72 players find themselves unable to leave their hotel rooms under coronavirus quarantine rules -- and a number of them are vocally expressing their frustrations.
Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny was ordered to remain in custody for 30 days during an unexpected hearing in Russia on Monday, less than 24 hours after he returned to the country and five months after he was poisoned with the nerve agent Novichok.
Greek Olympic gold medalist Sofia Bekatorou's very public detailing of her alleged sexual assault in 1998 by a high-ranking Hellenic Sailing Federation (HSF) official has sparked an outcry in the Mediterranean country over the way her revelations were initially dealt with. 
Tom Brady remains on track to win a seventh Super Bowl ring as he led the Tampa Bay Buccaneers to a 30-20 victory over the New Orleans Saints on Sunday.
It's a question that has been asked for 50 years -- again and again.
Dallas Mavericks star Luka Doncic leapfrogged NBA legend Michael Jordan on the all-time triple-double list after recording his 29th in his side's 117-101 loss to the Chicago Bulls.
Lionel Messi was shown the first red card of his Barcelona career, as Ronald Koeman's side suffered a 3-2 extra-time defeat to Athletic Bilbao in the Spanish Super Cup final.
Emergency management plans were put into operation during the America's Cup challenger series on Sunday when American Magic's Patriot yacht dramatically capsized in gusty conditions in Auckland's Waitemata Harbour.
The presidency of Donald Trump has left such a wretched stench in Europe that it's hard to see how, even in four years, Joe Biden could possibly get America's most important alliance back on track.  
The 2020-2021 Premier League season is a proving a bumper campaign for penalties.
For decades, cheerleaders have been synonymous with the NFL.  
The Ralph Lauren Corporation is cutting ties with golfer Justin Thomas over his use of a homophobic slur.
There's a distance of just over two miles between the Lincoln Memorial and the US Capitol. It was in 1963, on the Lincoln Memorial's steps, that The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. told the 250,000 people gathered there: "I have a dream that one day [...] the rough places will be made plain and the crooked places will be made straight [...] and all flesh shall see it together." 
Should this NFL game be shown as a live broadcast or on the History Channel?
Golfer Justin Thomas has apologized for using a homophobic slur that was caught by television microphones at a PGA Tour tournament in Hawaii on Saturday.
England's historic Salisbury Cathedral was transformed into a Covid-19 vaccination center on Saturday, with patients vaccinated while organ music was played in the picturesque building. 
Preparations for the Australian Open hit a major stumbling block on Saturday after 47 players were told they couldn't train or practice after some passengers on two charter planes arriving in Melbourne returned positive Covid-19 test results.
More than a hundred people were arrested in Brussels on Wednesday night after violent protests over the death of a man in police custody. 
Dakar Rally rider Pierre Cherpin has passed away from injuries sustained in a crash on January 10, race organizers announced on Friday.
Federal Police in Brazil have arrested golfer Angel Cabrera on an Interpol red notice for alleged crimes committed in Argentina.
A British man who accidentally threw a hard drive loaded with bitcoin into the trash has offered the local authority where he lives more than $70 million if it allows him to excavate a landfill site. 
James Naismith, the Canadian-American who invented the game of basketball, is celebrated with a Google Doodle on Friday.
The Dutch government has resigned amid a scandal that saw thousands of families wrongly accused of child welfare fraud. 
The UK government successfully prioritized keeping schools open in the pandemic but then came the winter surge, including a contagious variant of coronavirus, and now students and teachers are caught in a U-turn.
Pope Francis and former Pope Benedict have received the first dose of a coronavirus vaccine, the Vatican said Thursday. 
The hotel would normally be packed with families and business travelers. But on Thursday, the lobby was clear of all guests and furniture except for a table with a bottle of sanitizer, a box of masks and a notice that said "Coughs and sneezes spread disease."
The Houston Rockets are moving on from franchise superstar James Harden. 
When pharmacist Ifeoma Onwuka, known to her friends as Laura, went into hospital to have her daughter, she and her husband hoped the delivery would go smoothly, and that they would soon be able to take their new arrival home  to meet her siblings.   
Wearing nothing but a bathing suit, a swimming cap and an underwater mask, the 40-year-old woman plunged into a carved-out section of a frozen Siberian lake, before diving under the ice to swim in water estimated to be around 32 degrees Fahrenheit.
A court in Paris will hear a landmark case accusing the French government of taking inadequate action to combat climate change.
Tennis player Tennys Sandgren has boarded a plane to the Australian Open in Melbourne in despite saying he tested positive for Covid-19 on Monday. 
A large proportion of doctors and nurses have been traumatized by working in intensive care during the coronavirus pandemic in the UK, a new study reveals, with almost half reporting symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), anxiety or depression, and some feeling they would be better off dead.
Brazilian football club Chapecoense, which lost almost its entire first-team squad in a plane crash in 2016, has earned promotion back to Serie A.
One of Italy's largest-ever mafia trials kicked off on Wednesday, with more than 320 suspected 'Ndrangheta mobsters and their associates facing an array of charges, including extortion, drug trafficking and theft.
Soccer star Megan Rapinoe has denounced last week's riots in the US Capitol as "a huge stain on the country."
The UK government is investigating food parcels sent to low-income families to feed vulnerable children after campaigners -- including England international footballer Marcus Rashford -- criticized the provisions as "unacceptable."
The 2021 Masters will allow a limited number of spectators in attendance, Fred Ridley -- chairman of Augusta National Golf Club -- announced Tuesday in a statement.
Call it showmanship, call it extraordinary spatial awareness, but LeBron James took his performance to a whole new level against the Houston Rockets on Tuesday.
Thousands of babies and children died in 18 of Ireland's mother and baby homes -- church-run institutions where unmarried women were sent to deliver their babies in secret, often against their will -- over eight decades, according to a landmark report.
Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer says his team will do its best to keep within the new Covid-19 guidelines as the Premier League looks to clampdown on celebrations.
Russian opposition politician Alexey Navalny has announced that he plans to return to Russia on Sunday from Germany, where he has been recovering after being poisoned. 
The seasonality of the virus, the presence of the more transmissible UK variant and households mixing over Christmas all contributed to the surge, according to a government spokesperson from the office of Prime Minister Micheál Martin.
Baby sharks are being born smaller, undernourished and exhausted as climate change warms the world's oceans, researchers say.
Naturalist and TV host David Attenborough has received the first dose of the Covid-19 vaccine, his representative confirmed to CNN on Tuesday.
Kazuyoshi Miura just can't give up playing football. The now-53-year-old striker signed a contract extension with Yokohama FC on January 11, meaning he will play into his 36th season as a professional. 
A late equalizer saw Scottish champion Celtic draw 1-1 against Hibernian after one of its players tested positive for Covid-19 and 15 other members of playing and coaching staff were required to self-isolate. 
Tiger Woods always wanted us to believe that he was just like the rest of us. 
The United Kingdom is entering its most challenging weeks since the start of the Covid-19 pandemic, according to England's Chief Medical Officer, Professor Chris Whitty.  
Six people were ejected from the Sydney Cricket Ground on Sunday as the third Test between Australia and India was overshadowed by allegations of racist abuse.
India cricket captain Virat Kohli and his wife, Bollywood star Anushka Sharma, announced on Monday the arrival of their first child.
Tennis star Ana Konjuh kept alive hopes of competing at her first grand slam in more than two years after outlasting Anna-Lena Friedsam in Australian Open qualifying in Dubai. 
The Cleveland Browns know all about hard knocks. The team hadn't won a playoff game since 1995 before Sunday. Their head coach was in isolation after testing positive for Covid-19.
The R&A on Monday announced that it has no plans to stage any future championships at the Trump Turnberry golf course and resort in Scotland.
Dakar Rally legend Hubert Auriol, who became the first person to win the famous race on a bike and in a car, has died at the age of 68.
Danish freediver Stig Severinsen has broken the world distance record for swimming with fins on just one breath -- making it 202 meters (662 ft 8.7 in) underwater, Guinness World Records has confirmed.
All the signs are looking good that leading Italian football club AC Milan could secure its first Serie A title in 10 years.
Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh have received their Covid-19 vaccinations, a Buckingham Palace spokesperson said Saturday.
Pope Francis has said the Vatican will begin Covid-19 vaccinations next week and that he is in line to receive the shot.
Footballers don't usually smile after losing a game 4-1, but all is forgiven in the case of teenager Louie Barry.
A huge sinkhole, about 22,000 square feet across and 66 feet deep, swallowed several cars and forced the evacuation of a Covid ward after opening up in the parking lot of a hospital in southern Italy on Friday.
Having last won a German Bundesliga game just under a year ago, Schalke ended that dismal record in some style on Saturday -- comfortably beating Hoffenheim 4-0 on Saturday.
French striker Karim Benzema is set to face trial for his alleged involvement in a scheme to blackmail his former teammate Mathieu Valbuena in 2015, the prosecutor of the Versailles Tribunal confirmed to CNN. 
Two hapless burglars have been arrested in the UK after accidentally pocket-dialing the police during their crime.
Golden State Warriors star Draymond Green says those involved in the insurrection at the US Capitol on Wednesday were not "protesters" but "terrorists."
Europe slid further into crisis Friday as countries faced overwhelming numbers of Covid-19 cases and fatalities. The UK and Germany recorded their highest daily death tolls and London declared a 'major incident.'
When asked how he talks to his children about Wednesday's chaos in Washington, DC, LeBron James responded, "You just show them the photos."
Brazilian football player Alex Apolinario has died at the age of 24, his club FC Alverca said in a statement Thursday.
Moderna became the third Covid-19 vaccine to be authorized for use in the UK, the country's Department of Health said in a press release on Friday.  
Police in the UK are searching for a man who allegedly injected a 92-year-old woman with a fake Covid-19 vaccine -- and charged her £160 ($217) for it.
LeBron James has taken on Muhammad Ali's mantle in terms of his willingness to speak out about the "social issues of our time," according to San Antonio Spurs head coach Gregg Popovich.
As the votes trickled in, millions of Americans held their breath. Arguably the most consequential election in recent US history took five days to be called in favor of the Democratic candidate Joe Biden and, for many people, the wait was unbearable.
After a turbulent summer, Lionel Messi has had an atypically slow start to the season.
After rioters stormed the US Capitol on Wednesday to protest Joe Biden's Electoral College victory, players and coaches across American sports leagues voiced their concerns about what they witnessed in Washington.
After the RBC Canadian Open in June 2019, Collin Morikawa was ranked 1039th in the world having finished tied for 14th. 
Denmark's flagship broadcaster has suffered blowback over its newest children's TV program, "John Dillermand" -- an animation starring a man with a penis so massive and flexible it can save children from danger, fetch objects from a river and operate as a pogo stick. 
The World Health Organization (WHO) has called on European countries to intensify coronavirus measures as the region deals with a new variant that was first detected in the UK.
LeBron James and the NBA community have expressed their disappointment after prosecutors decided not to charge any police officer in connection with the shooting of Jacob Blake.
A British judge denied bail for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, just days after she rejected a US request to extradite him to America.
The European Union has authorized Moderna's Covid-19 vaccine, the second coronavirus vaccine to be approved for use in the EU. 
NBA superstar LeBron James has long been a champion for social justice and racial equality and is looking to put together a bid to buy the WNBA's Atlanta Dream.
The last time Tottenham Hotspur won a major trophy, George W. Bush was still president, Apple had only released the first iPhone and "Low" by Flo Rida was top of the Billboard charts.
A 91-year-old British man who became an internet sensation after being interviewed on CNN following his first dose of the Pfizer/BioNTech coronavirus vaccine has received the required second jab.
Norwegian Prime Minister Erna Solberg said rescuers have given up hope of finding three missing people alive after a village was hit by a dramatic landslide more than six days ago. 
"See ball, hit ball, see putt, hole putt, go to the next."
Is burying the dead a practice unique to Homo sapiens? A child's skeleton buried 41,000 years ago and evidence of funerary behavior could shed light on the cognitive abilities and social customs of Neanderthals, according to a recent study.
Britain is officially an aircraft carrier power again.
UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson reimposed a lockdown in England on Monday as a more transmissible variant of Covid-19 fuels a surge in infections and hospitalizations in the country.  
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp took a swipe at Manchester United's penalty record and fanned the flames of a potential title race after his side lost 1-0 to Southampton on Monday.
Since Luka Doncic was drafted by the Dallas Mavericks in 2018, he has quickly become one of the NBA's brightest stars.
A number of European nations have kicked off 2021 in familiar fashion, locking down residents and struggling to curb coronavirus cases. The tightened restrictions come as a new variant causes alarm among governments across the continent. 
Two of Barcelona's first-team staff have tested positive for Covid-19, the club said in a statement on Monday, causing Tuesday morning's training session to be canceled.
A British judge has rejected a US request to extradite WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to America, ruling that such a move would be "oppressive" by reason of his mental health. 
The United Kingdom became the first nation to inoculate people with the Oxford/AstraZeneca coronavirus vaccine outside of trials on Monday, with the country's health secretary hailing the day as a "real pivotal moment." 
Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice in Juventus' 4-1 win over Udinese on Sunday to start the year in typical ruthless goalscoring style. 
In his three-time NBA title winning career, Steph Curry has put in some dominant performances. 
Rescue teams in Norway are still hoping to find survivors more than five days after a deadly landslide hit the village of Ask, 30 kilometers (19 miles) north of the capital Oslo, according to the country's police.
NBA player and coach Paul Westphal died on Saturday in Scottsdale, Arizona, according to the University of Southern California. He was 70 years old. 
Former Denver Broncos running back Floyd Little died Friday at the age of 78, according to his family.
At a recent Saturday protest outside London's Stratford train station -- comprised of bindi-wearing hippies, conspiracy theorists in balaclavas, and middle-aged men in waterproof jackets -- a protester with the grassroots, anti-lockdown group StandUpX yelled into a megaphone.  
Coronavirus restrictions in England are "alas probably about to get tougher," UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson said Sunday, as the country battles to rein in a deadly surge in coronavirus infections.
Slovakia's Petra Vlhova was crowned "Snow Queen" of Zagreb for the second straight year after claiming the World Cup slalom event as four-time winner Mikaela Shiffrin finished back in fourth.
Tottenham Hotspur has publicly criticized three prominent first team players for breaking coronavirus rules after they attended a Christmas party with their families. 
Manchester City shrugged off the loss of six players to Covid-19 to beat Chelsea 3-1 on Sunday to reignite its English Premier League title challenge.
Five people have been arrested and more than 1,000 fines issued after an illegal New Year's rave in the French countryside ended on Saturday, local authorities said.
The UK has abolished the 5% rate of value-added-tax (VAT) on menstrual products, known as the tampon tax.
UK health workers are preparing to reactivate seven emergency Covid-19 field hospitals, as a surge of coronavirus cases fueled by the spread of a new, more contagious variant threatens to overwhelm intensive care units.
On January 2, 2020, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson tweeted that the following 12 months would amount to a "fantastic year for Britain." Instead, a global pandemic and the political turmoil of Brexit have stretched the social fabric of the United Kingdom to ripping point.   
Mauricio Pochettino was officially confirmed as the new coach of French champion Paris Saint-Germain on Saturday following the sacking of Thomas Tuchel.
The owner of an English Premier League team has defended a post from the club's official Twitter account that led to online abuse being directed at football pundit Karen Carney.
Few in Europe will be unhappy to see the back of 2020. With no pandemic, fraught talks with the UK or a US president as anti-European as Donald Trump, Brussels might finally find space to address issues that have long undermined the bloc -- though it won't be easy.    
Manchester United drew level with archrival Liverpool on points at the top of the English Premier League as a sweetly struck Bruno Fernandes penalty secured a 2-1 victory over Aston Villa at Old Trafford.
Australia woke up to a new year on Friday -- and a slightly different national anthem.
United States Soccer on Saturday voted to end a ban on players kneeling during the national anthem, something they have done to protest racial inequality and police brutality.
Russia launched its space satellite Arktika-M on Sunday on a mission to monitor the climate and environment in the Arctic amid a push by the Kremlin to expand the country's activities in the region.
She's just 14, but table tennis sensation Anna Hursey is making friends in high places. 
Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James on Friday fired back at Zlatan Ibrahimovic and vowed to never stay silent about social causes after he was criticized by the AC Milan forward for sticking his nose into politics.
Pau Gasol is back playing basketball after announcing his signing with FC Barcelona. It's been a long journey for the former NBA All-Star, who hasn't played professionally since 2019 due to injuries -- and the NBA champion is thinking about life after hoops. 
Captain Tom Moore, who raised millions for a British charity supporting the National Health Service by walking laps of his garden ahead of his 100th birthday, was honored at a funeral on Saturday. 
Throughout his coaching career, Eddie Jones has heeded advice he was given by former Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson.
The Atlanta Dream, the WNBA team previously co-owned by former US Sen. Kelly Loeffler, has been sold to executives from a national real estate firm and a former player. 
The Dutch parliament on Thursday passed a non-binding motion saying the treatment of the Uyghur Muslim minority in China amounts to genocide, the first such move by a European country.
Caster Semenya, the South African Olympic champion runner, has appealed to the European Court of Human Rights to end "discriminatory" testosterone limits imposed on female athletes.
A  zoo worker in Spain died when an elephant hit him with her trunk, throwing him against the bars of her enclosure, local officials confirmed.  
It was a moment caught on camera -- a heroic act that thrust Patrick Hutchinson, a London father and grandfather, into the limelight.
Brooklyn Nets star Kyrie Irving isn't letting go of his idea for the National Basketball Association to incorporate a silhouette of Kobe Bryant on its logo. 
The UK Supreme Court ruled Friday that "ISIS bride" Shamima Begum cannot return to the United Kingdom to appeal the revocation of her UK citizenship.
After 13 years away from the LPGA Tour, the return of Annika Sorenstam to the course definitely had her competitors fired up. 
Seventeen former British gymnasts, including three Olympians, have notified British Gymnastics of their intention to take legal action, alleging coaches subjected them to "systemic physical and psychological abuse," according to a statement from their law firm Hausfeld. 
Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan has said he is facing a military coup attempt after the general staff of the country's armed forces called for his resignation.
In the aftermath of Tiger Woods' car crash, the golf world has been coming to terms with the physical and psychological impact on the 15-time major winner and what it also means for the sport.
The Australian city of Brisbane is the "preferred host" for the 2032 Summer Olympics, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) announced Wednesday, in a move which officials said was designed to bring "stability" to the Games after the delay of the Tokyo 2020 edition. 
It's just before daybreak in Richmond on the southern bank of the River Thames, and pest controller Michael Coates is patrolling the rubbish bins for what is normally an elusive enemy -- rats. 
Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson Becker is mourning the loss of his father, who drowned in Lavras do Sul, Brazil near the border with Uruguay.
Athletes are being encouraged to get vaccinated against COVID-19 ahead of the Tokyo Olympics but it will not be compulsory, IOC Vice President John Coates said on Thursday.
Grief over the loss of a parent invariably provokes powerful and complex emotions. For golfer Danielle Kang, there was an added dynamic following the death of her father K.S. -- he had been her caddy and nurtured her passion for the sport. 
In a match that was largely low on quality, it was a standout moment of brilliance that eventually gave Real Madrid a narrow 1-0 win over 10-man Atalanta in the Champions League round of 16.
The world's largest cricket stadium hosted its first Test match on Wednesday. 
The golfing world has rallied around Michelle Wie West following comments made by Donald Trump's former lawyer Rudy Giuliani "objectifying" the five-time LPGA Tour winner.
Former Arsenal star Thierry Henry is stepping down as head coach of Major League Soccer (MLS) side CF Montreal due to family reasons.
The UK's vaccination program is a rare pandemic success story for Boris Johnson. It's a different story on the other side of the Channel, where Europe is still struggling to get rollout programs off the ground.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has warned that her country could be caught in a third wave of Covid-19 if it lifts its lockdown too quickly.
The UK Prime Minister has set out a four-step roadmap to take England out of its coronavirus lockdown. All being well, Johnson's government is hopeful that most of the economy will be able to open before the end of June.
Already in a league of their own when it comes to sustainability in sport, innovative English soccer club Forest Green Rovers will trial a kit made from coffee bean waste on Saturday.
Authorities in Germany and Belgium seized more than 23,000 kilograms (50,700 pounds) of cocaine, worth billions of dollars, in an international operation that resulted in one arrest, officials said Wednesday, calling it the largest amount of cocaine ever seized in Europe.
NBA superstar LeBron James features twice on the 2020 Laureus World Sport Awards shortlists, in the Sportsman and Team of the Year categories, following a turbulent year in which elite athletes threw their weight behind social causes. 
Czech free-diver David Vencl swam nearly 81 metres (265.75 ft) beneath the ice on Tuesday, breaking the world record after braving the freezing water wearing only a swimsuit.
Vincent Muscat, one of the three suspects accused of the murder of Maltese journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia, has pleaded guilty, according to a statement released Tuesday by the Daphne Caruana Galizia Foundation.
With her beaming smile, wry sense of humor and confidence to do things her own way, Hsieh Su-Wei captured the public's heart at this month's Australian Open.  
A relative of Queen Elizabeth II has been jailed for 10 months for sexual assault, after forcing his way into a woman's bedroom and attacking her at his Scottish castle last year.
Prince Philip, the husband of Queen Elizabeth II, is being treated for an infection and is not expected to leave the hospital for several days, according to an update from Buckingham Palace on Tuesday.
The US women's national team said their decision to resume standing as a group for the national anthem rather then kneel in protest of racial inequality and police brutality is not the end of the squad's fight for justice.
Elementary school children don't typically venture far from home on their own, but 11-year-old Abou managed to cross a stretch of the Atlantic Ocean, from Africa to Europe, in the hands of strangers.
Gérard Depardieu is under formal investigation in France for alleged rape and sexual assault, judicial sources have confirmed to CNN. The movie star has been under investigation since December last year, they said.  
New York Rangers forward Artemi Panarin is taking a leave of absence from the NHL team, the Rangers announced Monday. 
Alfe Ingve Berntsen remembers the first time he laid eyes on this scrawny kid with an appetite for goals.
Time seemed to slow down as Romain Grosjean's car -- split in half from the force of hitting the race barriers -- was enveloped in flames. 
Tiger Woods says he still hopes to compete at this year's Masters after undergoing the fifth back operation of his career. 
Australia's government has condemned the "disgusting" behavior of spectators at the Australian Open tennis tournament Sunday, after sections of the crowd loudly booed a speech praising the rollout of the Covid-19 vaccine.
Britain has called for the United Nations to be given "urgent and unfettered" access to Xinjiang to investigate reports of abuses in the Chinese region.
Japanese swimmer Rikako Ikee will compete in Olympic qualifiers in April after clinching a podium finish in her first 100 metres butterfly event since being treated for leukaemia.
The BN(O) scheme for Hong Kong nationals is remarkable in its scope as it's also remarkable for another reason: it has been pioneered by the same British politicians who engineered the UK's break from the European Union, in part, to curb immigration. 

College gymnast Margzetta Frazier received the call of a lifetime after going viral with a spectacular floor routine set to some of pop star Janet Jackson's greatest hits. 
Two people were injured after pieces of a cargo plane broke off and fell onto a town in the Netherlands, according to authorities there.
Novak Djokovic put on a masterclass in power and precision to overwhelm Daniil Medvedev in the Australian Open final and clinch his 18th grand slam title.
Angry protesters have now gathered in multiple Spanish cities for five consecutive nights, demonstrating over the dramatic arrest of rapper Pablo Hasel earlier in the week.
Without setting foot outside the White House, US President Joe Biden arrived on the world stage Friday, not once but twice.
Yan Dhanda has been a leading light in helping Swansea City return to the Premier League, but he is also driven by the fact he's one of only a handful of British Asian footballers playing professionally in the United Kingdom.
21-year-old Jasmine Harrison became the youngest female to row solo across any ocean Saturday, according to Atlantic Campaigns, the organizer of the 2020 Talisker Whisky Atlantic Challenge, which takes racers more than 3,000 miles from Spain to Antigua & Barbuda.
Russian authorities say they have detected what is believed to be "human infection with avian influenza H5N8," the World Health Organization (WHO) has confirmed to CNN.
Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny will remain behind bars after a Russian court partially rejected his appeal over a two-and-a-half year jail sentence handed down earlier this month.
Andy Trust has been exporting fish from Cornwall to continental Europe for 20 years. However, the past seven weeks have given him cause to contemplate shutting down the entire European operation of his fish merchants, Ocean Harvest. "The cost of sending fish into Europe has more than trebled. In an industry that operates on thin profit margins, it could destroy British fishing," he says.  
Naomi Osaka powered her way to a second Australian Open title with a comprehensive straight sets victory over grand slam final debutante Jennifer Brady.
Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, have agreed with Queen Elizabeth II that they will not be returning as working members of the British royal family, Buckingham Palace announced Friday.
As the United Kingdom celebrates giving at least one dose of the coronavirus vaccine to 15 million people and the EU surpasses 23 million doses distributed, several other European countries have not yet managed to put a single shot in arms.
Daniil Medvedev produced an impressive display against world No. 6 Stefanos Tsitsipas to advance to the final of the Australian Open.
Men's race director Markus Waldner received death threats following the parallel giant slaloms at the Cortina d'Ampezzo Alpine skiing world championships, the organising committee said on Thursday.
A superb Bruno Fernandes once again inspired Manchester United to victory Thursday as the Premier League side took full control of its Europa League round of 32 tie against Real Sociedad. 
The lyrics are soaring and defiant: "And I'll rise up. I'll rise like the day! I'll rise up. I'll rise unafraid!"
Iranian judoka Saeid Mollaei, who refused to return home after being ordered to withdraw from the 2019 World Judo Championships to avoid facing an Israeli opponent, says he will never forget the kindness he's been shown by the Israeli judo team as he prepares to compete in a major tournament in Tel Aviv.
Britain's Prince Philip is likely to remain in the hospital for observation and rest over the weekend and into next week, a royal source told CNN on Friday.
The NCAA announced Friday it will allow a limited number of fans to attend all rounds of the 2021 Division I Men's Basketball Championship -- up to 25% of an arena's capacity.
When a 22-year-old Japanese college student launched an online campaign against the powerful Tokyo Olympics chief and the sexist remarks he made, she was not sure it would go very far.
LeBron James reached a career milestone Thursday as he passed 35,000 points, making him the third and youngest NBA player to do so after Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Karl Malone. 
More than 800 professional footballers in Germany have backed a campaign offering support to LGBTQ players. 
When members of an English town's local government committee met to discuss planning matters before Christmas, they had little idea that their Zoom call would become the cinematic event of the decade.
Novak Djokovic put on a defensive masterclass against Aslan Karatsev to advance to the Australian Open final.
You could have been forgiven for thinking that the jubilant scenes on the pitch were part of a trophy celebration. There were hugs and tears -- and lots of them.
Serena Williams has been denied her opportunity to match Australian Margaret Court's record of 24 major singles titles after she was beaten by 23-year-old Naomi Osaka at the Australian Open in Melbourne on Thursday.
The first day in a new school or job is never easy, especially trying to navigate those awkward meet and greets as you get to know potential new friends.
A court in Belarus sentenced two journalists with the independent Belsat TV channel to two years in prison for live-streaming a demonstration, their employer and Belarussian Association of Journalists said in statements following the court hearing Thursday.
Prince Philip has spent a second night in hospital after being admitted earlier this week as a "precautionary measure" following complaints that he was feeling unwell.
AstraZeneca's contract to supply the UK with Covid-19 vaccines commits it to making "best reasonable efforts," the same language used in its deal with the European Union, which critics blamed for the bloc's faltering inoculation program. 
South Korean volleyball twins Lee Jae-yeong and Lee Da-yeong have been dropped from their national and club sides amid claims of teenage bullying. 
With an intensity that rivals the great feuds of Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson, two fabled characters of golf have again stepped into the breach.
Last May, Steve Bates' phone rang. The UK was in the midst of its first national lockdown -- there was a stay-at-home order, schools and most shops were closed, and experts were warning that a vaccine could still be years out. 
Rafael Nadal will have to wait to win his 21st grand slam and etch his name into the history books after a stunning comeback from Stefanos Tsitsipas dumped him out of the Australian Open. 
A majority of Britons are not satisfied with the post-Brexit trade agreement that Boris Johnson secured with the European Union, according to a survey that provides the first detailed insight into the nation's attitude towards the deal since it took effect.
Kylian Mbappe has been hailed as the next Cristiano Ronaldo or Lionel Messi after scoring a wonderful hat trick in Paris Saint-Germain's 4-1 victory away at Barcelona in the Champions League.
Protesters took to the streets in Barcelona and Girona, in Spain's northeastern Catalonia region, on Tuesday night following the dramatic arrest of rapper Pablo Hasel earlier in the day. 
World No. 1 and home favorite Ashleigh Barty exited the Australian Open after she was stunned by Karolina Muchova in the quarterfinals on Wednesday.
Prince Philip, the 99-year-old husband of Queen Elizabeth, has been taken to a London hospital after feeling unwell, according to a Buckingham Palace press release.
A day after Kylian Mbappe lit up the Champions League with an impressive hat trick against Barcelona, Erling Braut Haaland netted a wonderful brace as the game's new stars continue to take center stage. 
Former Australian swimming star Scott Miller was arrested on drugs charges in a dawn raid at his home Tuesday, with Sydney police alleging the Olympic medalist heads a gang supplying methamphetamine across New South Wales state, CNN affiliate Nine News reported.
Gay and bisexual British veterans who were stripped of their medals because of their sexuality will now be able to reclaim them, the UK government has said, as it admitted the pre-2000 policy was an "historical wrong."
Some of European football's top fixtures will have an unfamiliar look in the coming weeks as several teams will be forced to play matches in neutral venues due to new travel restrictions.
It might be one of the luckiest escapes in skiing, but it's not the moment Maxence Muzaton wants to be remembered for. 
A man lies alone in a hospital bed, frightened and cut off from most of his family and friends, while the outside world grapples with the growing threat of an unfamiliar virus. As he lies stricken, he is cared for by doctors and nurses dressed head to toe in PPE. Eventually he begs for his mother to make him better and asks her through tears if everyone who has contracted this disease has died.
Police in England have raided a "packed nightclub" where about 150 revelers were partying, with footage of the moment dozens fled via the roof released.
Serena Williams overcame world No. 2 Simona Halep in the Australian Open to set up a blockbuster semifinal clash with Naomi Osaka.
CNN looks back at the dramatic 2018 US Open final between Serena Williams and Naomi Osaka with people who witnessed the match from inside the stadium. "Looking back, it's like I had a premonition of what was going to happen inside the Arthur Ashe Stadium," said Sasha Bajin, Osaka's coach at the time.
Aslan Karatsev's historic run continued at the Australian Open on Tuesday as the Russian became the first man in the Open Era to reach the semifinals on his grand slam debut.
Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison apologized Tuesday to a former government staffer who alleged that she was raped by a colleague in Parliament House two years ago.
Golf has traditionally suffered from a reputation of being a tough sport to access. 
Serena Williams' has shared a video clip of her 3-year-old daughter, Alexis Olympia Ohanian Jr., perfecting her swing on the court, with the help of coach Patrick Mouratoglou.

American golfer Daniel Berger came up clutch with an impressive eagle putt on the final hole to win the AT&T Pebble Beach on Sunday. 
Authorities investigating the disappearance of a fisherman in Queensland, Australia, have found human remains inside a crocodile.
Go Jessica!
Manchester United forward Anthony Martial has received racial abuse over social media following his side's 1-1 draw with West Bromwich Albion on Sunday.
Less than six weeks before the Olympic torch relay was due to begin in Fukushima, showcasing the region's recovery from a catastrophic nuclear disaster a decade ago, the Japanese prefecture has once again been rocked by a powerful earthquake.
Separatist parties won enough seats on Sunday in Catalonia's regional parliament to strengthen their majority, although a strong showing for the local branch of Spain's ruling Socialists pointed to a dialogue, rather than breakup, with Madrid.
Rafael Nadal remains on course to earn his record-breaking 21st grand slam at the Australian Open with a comfortable victory over Fabio Fognini on Monday. 
Novak Djokovic became just the second man in history to reach 300 grand slam wins with victory over Milos Raonic in the fourth round of the Australian Open.
The year is only six weeks old, but 2021 is already revealing the European Union's inherent limitations.   
Doddie Weir is the kind of guy who's hard to miss. 
It all started with damning allegations from book excerpts published in France's prestigious Le Monde newspaper as the new year began. 
Liverpool's defense of its Premier League title is rapidly evaporating after yet another calamitous defensive performance condemned Jurgen Klopp's side to a third consecutive defeat.
Ahead of Sunday's Daytona 500 -- the biggest event on NASCAR's schedule -- it's hard for Darrell "Bubba" Wallace not to get a little excited about what's to come.
Novak Djokovic battled through injury to survive a comeback by Taylor Fritz in the third round of the Australian Open, triumphing 7-6 6-4 3-6 4-6 6-2.
Two-time F1 world champion Fernando Alonso has undergone a "successful corrective operation" on a fracture of his upper jaw after being involved in a cycling accident on Thursday.
Christine Lloyd-Jones was at work when the first call came: One of her friends, Annette, 62, had died of coronavirus. The following day, as she ate breakfast, her phone flashed again. This time it was news of another friend, Lloyd, dead at 58. The next day, another call. Her friend Haydon, 51, was in the hospital. He died the following day. In the space of just five days, Lloyd-Jones lost three loved ones to Covid-19.  
The Australian state of Victoria will lock down for five days in a bid to curb the spread of a more contagious coronavirus variant, meaning the Australian Open will go without fans during what is usually its busiest few days. 
Tokyo 2020 Olympics chief Yoshiro Mori said he will resign due to the fallout after sexist remarks he made at a meeting were leaked to the public. 
J.J. Watt, the three-time NFL Defensive Player of the Year, is leaving the Houston Texans after 10 seasons. 
New Jacksonville Jaguars head coach Urban Meyer has defended the hiring of a former controversial coach who has previously been accused of racism and bullying. 
Central Europe has become the continent's latest coronavirus hotspot, with Austria struggling to containf the new variant first identified in South Africa and neighboring Czech Republic facing hospital bed shortages on top of a crisis over lockdowns.
Italy's next government has taken shape after weeks of turmoil, after Mario Draghi was named the next Prime Minister, and announced a new cabinet selected from across the country's political spectrum.
If you haven't seen enough of boxer Claressa Shields -- or if you may not even know the name -- that's her point. She's an elite athlete in her prime, suffering from an apparent case of under-exposure.
The Dallas Mavericks played the US national anthem before the team's game on Wednesday for the first time this season.  
Two years on from her retirement, Lindsey Vonn reflects on the uncertainties of the coronavirus pandemic and the physical and mental challenges of lfie after skiing.
Bayern Munich claimed a sixth trophy in 12 months with a 1-0 victory over the Tigres in the Club World Cup final.
Tokyo 2020 Olympics chief Yoshiro Mori will step down after sexist remarks he made about women were leaked to Japanese media last week, Japanese public broadcaster NHK reported Thursday, citing sources.
Cat owners who want to stop their pets from hunting wildlife as much should play with them and feed them more meat, according to a new study.
Sofia Kenin's bid to defend her Australian Open title ended in disappointment on Thursday after she was knocked out of the tournament by world No. 65 Kaia Kanepi.
British police said on Tuesday they had arrested eight people as part of an investigation into the SIM-swapping hijacking of US celebrities' phones.
It was soon after his grandmother passed away that Nick Kyrgios felt his passion for tennis begin to wane.
A Warsaw court ruled on Tuesday that two historians tarnished the memory of a Polish villager in a book about the Holocaust and must apologize, in a case some academics warn could deter impartial research into Poles' actions during World War Two.
The Dallas Mavericks will resume playing the National Anthem prior to home games having not played it in 11 regular season games at American Airlines Center.
It's a blockbuster like no other -- Hollywood stars Ryan Reynolds and Rob McElhenney have completed their takeover of Wrexham AFC, a Welsh football club currently playing in England's fifth tier.
You've just finished your tennis match and the Melbourne sun has taken its toll. You're physically and mentally drained, sweat pouring down your face and you're gasping for breath. 
There's just no stopping Serena Williams at this year's Australian Open so far. 
Elton John and Michael Caine have released a video encouraging Britons to get vaccinated for Covid-19, as the country prepares to widen its rollout to younger adults.
After 13 years away from the LPGA Tour, Annika Sorenstam is back. 
German prosecutors have charged a 100-year-old former SS concentration camp guard with aiding and abetting the murder of 3,518 people.  
A psychologist and two nurses have been added to the investigation to determine if there was any malpractice in the death of soccer star Diego Maradona, a source with direct access to the legal file told CNN.
Europe's oldest person has survived Covid-19 after testing positive just a few weeks before her 117th birthday.
She's been the face of the EU's vaccine crisis. The question now is what the impact will be on Ursula von der Leyen's broader agenda for Europe once the pandemic is behind her.
Tom Brady and Rob Gronkowski are together again, winning the Super Bowl. And according to Gronk, it could be the first of many to come in Tampa Bay if Brady had his way.
One of Hungary's last independent radio stations, Klubrádió, will be removed from the airwaves after a Budapest court upheld a decision not to renew its license — a ruling widely seen as a blow against media freedom in the country. 
The European Space Agency (ESA) is looking for new astronauts for the first time in 11 years.
A leading English referee and his family have been subjected to online death threats following two erroneous decisions in successive games he took charge of.
As the coronavirus pandemic continues to fuel uncertainty and anxiety, how it impacts our mental well-being is hard to ignore -- something athletes, bereft of competitions and regular training routines, perhaps know better than most. 
Victoria Azarenka says quarantine ahead of this year's Australian Open took its "toll" -- notably a lack of "fresh air" -- after she was knocked out in the first round on Tuesday. 
Maya Sherif made history for Egypt at the Australian Open as the country's first woman to win a main draw match at a major tournament.
The family lawyer for Adama Traoré, a Black Frenchman who died while being apprehended by Paris police in 2016, says a new medical report supports the possibility that Traoré's death was linked to police treatment during the arrest.
Seven-time Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton will continue to race for Mercedes in the 2021 season after agreeing a new, one-year deal, the team announced on Monday.
Al Ahly's Pitso Mosimane grew up in the apartheid era. Ahead of the Club World Cup, he says "it always looks impossible until somebody does it."
Zlatan Ibrahimovic continues to defy the aging process as the 39-year-old striker scored the 500th and 501st goals of his club career in AC Milan's Serie A win over Crotone on Sunday.
Thousands of tennis fans descended on Melbourne Park to watch stars including Naomi Osaka and Serena Williams kick off the Australian Open on Monday, after a three-week postponement and high drama over the quarantine of players.
The Williams sisters rolled back the years on Monday as both stormed to straight-set victories in the Australian Open first round.
LeBron James or Michael Jordan? Roger Federer or Rafa Nadal? Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo? The argument over who's the greatest of all time in many sports is fiercely contested. 
Barcelona says it "categorically denies" responsibility for the publication of Lionel Messi's $672 million contract, which was reported by Spanish newspaper El Mundo.
It's been a long time coming, but finally Brooks Koepka is a winner again. 
Hearing your coach tell the media that you've "never played better" following a monstrous 57-point fireworks show suggests your might be basking in the glory of a victory. 
Talk about a roller-coaster performance -- Ilkay Gundogan provided the dictionary definition on Sunday for Manchester City against Liverpool. 
Pope Francis has for the first time appointed a female Under-Secretary to the Synod of Bishops, the Vatican announced Saturday.
With warmup tournaments coming to a close, attention now turns to the main draw of the Australian Open, the buildup to which has been dominated by coronavirus precautions. 
"Do you know that we can beat you so hard that you will be urinating blood? And there won't be any traces -- you won't be able to prove anything," Peter Sokovykh recalls a police officer screaming into his face as he found himself in a tiny room with six security officers in a St. Petersburg police station.
Anna says she did not want to break the UK's Covid-19 lockdown rules.
Former world heavyweight champion Leon Spinks, best known for defeating Muhammad Ali in 1978, has died at the age 67, according to a statement from his publicist.
In one of the more extraordinary scenes in this NBA season, Brooklyn Nets superstar Kevin Durant was forced out of Friday's game twice due to the league's health and safety protocols. 
Two former Iranian World Cup footballers -- Mehrdad Minavand and Ali Ansarian -- die from Covid-19 within a week of each other after appearing on a TV show together.
Northern Ireland's Brexit backlash has arrived. It snuck in through a side door the European Union rashly opened last week when it threatened to trigger the most contentious part of the Brexit deal, article 16 of the Northern Ireland protocol, and has quickly escalated.
A pedigree heifer named after Posh Spice has been sold at a British auction for over $360,000 (£262,000,) breaking the world record for the prized Limousin breed.
A chaotic, tension-packed and technologically challenged online meeting of local government officials from a tiny English town has gone viral after highlights appeared on the internet. 
The deputy chief physician of the Russian hospital where opposition leader Alexey Navalny was treated immediately after his poisoning "suddenly" died, according to a statement published by the hospital on Thursday.
It should've been an evening of celebration for the Los Angeles Lakers and, in particular, LeBron James. 
Romania's Orthodox Church is under pressure to change its baptism ritual after a baby boy died following a ceremony in which he was immersed three times in water.
Novichok, the substance used in the attempted murder of Russian ex-spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia, is not merely lethal, it's also highly unusual. 
It looks as if it's all systems go for the Australian Open next week after all players forced into a recent quarantine returned negative results, organizers announced on Friday.
Ajax goalkeeper Andre Onana has vowed to prove his innocence and clear his name after UEFA on Friday handed him a 12-month ban following a doping violation.
Alexey Navalny, who was jailed this week over a years-old fraud case, denied wrongdoing during a court hearing Friday on separate charges. His appearance came shortly before EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov.
Global interest in the halftime show is nothing new, though 2021 does mark the 30-year anniversary of the NFL changing course from traditional marching bands to contemporary music acts -- and what a change it was.
A former secretary from the Stutthof Nazi concentration camp has been charged with complicity in the murders of 10,000 people, German prosecutors said Friday, in what is a rare case involving an alleged female concentration camp staff member.  
Porto defender Nanu was left with a concussion and a spinal cord injury, according to the club, after a sickening collision with an opposition goalkeeper on Thursday. 
Could you imagine if several of the Kansas City Chiefs -- including quarterback Patrick Mahomes -- had not been able to practice or play in Super Bowl LV against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers because of a haircut?
A new sport is emerging around the world -- and finding huge popularity in the United States. Teqball is a cross between football and table tennis where you can use any part of your body except your hands to score points and manipulate the ball without it ever touching the ground. 
Polish rescuers recovered the bodies of a herd of drowned deer on Thursday after illegal poachers scared the animals with firecrackers and drove them onto a frozen lake where the ice then broke.
A single case of Covid-19 at a quarantine hotel in Melbourne has forced organizers of the Australian Open to quarantine 507 players, officials and support staff, just four days before the tennis championship is set to begin. 
Yoshiro Mori, the president of the Tokyo Olympic organizing committee, apologized Thursday after comments he made suggesting women talk too much during meetings were leaked to the Japanese media. 
A letter signed by more than 180 campaign groups calling for a diplomatic boycott of the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing warns the Games could "embolden" human rights abuses in China.
Standing in a glass box in the back of a court in Moscow, Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny heard his fate -- two years and eight months in a Russian prison for failing to report to parole officers. The thing is, he was in Germany at the time, recovering from a poisoning by a military grade chemical weapon.
Liverpool's bid to retain the English Premier League title slipped further from its grip on Wednesday after suffering a shock defeat to relegation-threatened Brighton. 
French sailor Clarisse Cremer made history at this year's Vendée Globe by becoming the fastest solo woman to ever complete the round-the-world race. 
The staff at the Sanger Institute are much more than essential workers -- right now, they're doing some of the most important work on Earth: genetically sequencing the coronavirus. Internally, it's called "Project Heron."
Cristiano Ronaldo's double in Juventus' semifinal first-leg victory over Inter Milan on Tuesday took his career scoring tally to 762, cementing his record as the highest goalscorer of all time -- or is he?
Manchester United thrashed Southampton 9-0 in the Premier League on Tuesday, the second time in as many years that Saints have been on the losing end of a record-equaling scoreline.
Athletes and officials will not be required to receive a Covid-19 vaccine in order to take part in this year's Tokyo Games, organizers announced on Wednesday.
In a season where LeBron James and his reigning champion Los Angeles Lakers have looked so impressive, it is perhaps surprising that they are not the best team record-wise in the NBA. 
On March 1, 2020, when 19-year-old Joseph Flavill was struck by a car, the UK had recorded just 23 cases of a concerning new virus.  Now he's emerging from a 10-month coma into a very different world.
For years, the Kremlin has publicly dismissed Alexey Navalny as an irrelevant blogger with little popular support. But mass protests in support of Navalny underline how much of a challenge he and his anti-corruption message have now become. 
The state of Western Australia is facing an "unprecedented situation" as it battles a raging wildfire while millions of residents are under coronavirus lockdown, the state's premier Mark McGowan said in a media briefing Wednesday. 
Stuart Baxter has been sacked from his position as manager by Indian Super League club Odisha after making comments about rape during a post-match interview.
Tom Moore, the 100-year-old World War II veteran whose efforts to raise millions for the UK's National Health Service made him a universally adored icon during the first wave of the Covid-19 outbreak, has died in hospital after himself contracting the disease, his family said Tuesday.
A Moscow court sent Russian opposition leader Alexey Navalny to prison for more than two and a half years on Tuesday, prompting protests across the country. The ruling closed a heated hearing in which the Kremlin critic ridiculed claims he broke his parole conditions while recovering from poisoning, and denounced President Vladimir Putin as "Putin the poisoner."
A group of fans were ejected from Atlanta's State Farm Arena after a courtside argument with NBA superstar LeBron James. 
In the builup to his 10th Super Bowl, Tom Brady says he isn't ready to seriously think about retirement and could play beyond 45. 
Roger Federer will make his long-awaited return to tennis following double knee surgery at an ATP tournament in Doha, Qatar in March, his agent has confirmed to CNN Sport.
Despite being at the center of controversy over an embedded ball, Patrick Reed was able to fight through the noise and claim his ninth PGA Tour victory. 
In a timely reminder of the frenzied excitement sport provides, the Washington Wizards electrified fans with a shock to the Brooklyn Nets on Sunday night. 
A new analysis of 11 teeth found in a cave in Jersey, an island in the English Channel, suggests that some of them could have belonged to individuals that had mixed Neanderthal and early modern human ancestry.
It's the kind of footage that wouldn't look out of place in any family's video archive, a toddler taking her first tentative steps at the playground. 
Josep Borrell, the European Union's foreign policy chief, is charging headfirst into a diplomatic nightmare this week, as he touches down in Moscow for a scheduled meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov.    
Thousands of people in Moscow and across Russia who took to the streets Sunday were met with the harshest show of force the country has seen in recent years.
Parts of Western Australia went into a five-day lockdown Sunday, after a hotel security guard tested positive for coronavirus. 
Marseille's home game against Rennes was postponed on Saturday after an angry group of supporters stormed the club's training ground hours before kick-off. 
A highly anticipated report from a commission set up by the UK government to look into racial disparities in the country has been described as a "whitewash" by campaigners after it stated that there is no evidence that the UK is institutionally racist.
Italy is expelling two Russian officials in connection with an espionage case, Italian Foreign Minister Luigi Di Maio said Wednesday on his Facebook page.
As governments across the globe scramble to secure Covid-19 vaccine doses for humans, Russia has registered the world's first coronavirus vaccine for animals, state media outlet TASS reported Wednesday.
Many have completed a marathon, but no-one has done anything like Michael Miraglia's Strongman Marathon. 
French President Emmanuel Macron announced further national coronavirus restrictions Wednesday, saying the country must take a "new direction" in its approach to fighting Covid-19 or risk "losing control" over the virus' spread.
Players and staff of NBA team Utah Jazz were left "shaken, but unharmed" after a bird strike forced the plane they were on to make an emergency landing on Tuesday.
For the first time ever, the Swiss army is going to give its female recruits women's underwear, as the force looks to increase to increase the number of women in its ranks.
This year's March Madness might have exposed gaps in gender equity in college sports, but for two Black women, the 2021 NCAA women's tournament will always represent a moment when history was made.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, has confirmed that the Duke and Duchess of Sussex were not legally married prior to their televised wedding, clarifying comments made by the duchess in the couple's bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey.
NBA superstar Kevin Durant has been accused of using homophobic and misogynistic slurs in private messages with Michael Rapaport after the US actor and comedian shared them on social media.
An alleged Mafia fugitive who had been on the run since 2014 was arrested by police in the Dominican Republic thanks to his hobby as a YouTube chef.
Fernando Alonso's Renault-owned Alpine team have blamed a discarded sandwich wrapper for wrecking the double world champion's Formula One comeback race in Bahrain on Sunday.
Sergio Aguero will leave Manchester City when his contract expires at the end of the season, the club has announced. 
Japan recorded the second-biggest win in its history, thrashing Mongolia 14-0 in a World Cup 2022 qualifier.
Joaquin Niemann discusses the birth of his cousin Rafita Calderon who was diagnosed with Spinal Muscular Atrophy and the fund raising efforts to collect the $2.1 million required for the world's most expensive drug, Zolgensma to save his life. 
When the British government released its guidance on who should be first in line for the Covid-19 vaccine last year, Dr. Zahid Chauhan was surprised to see that one particularly vulnerable group of his patients had been left off the priority list: The homeless.
At a boarding school in Istanbul, Uyghur kids who escaped China are waiting to hear news of their parents
You can play golf on pristine green courses. You can even play on a course made of ice. 
There have been no coronavirus deaths recorded in London for the first time in over six months, official data indicates. 
On his website he describes himself as "probably the fastest man in professional cycling" and "hungry for more."
Thierry Henry says the discussion around whether or not footballers should take the knee before games has become a distraction from the real "cause."
Jim Elder-Woodward has spent an entire year, the span of Britain's pandemic, confined to the top floor of his house.
Lewis Hamilton held off pre-race favorite Max Verstappen to win a thrilling Bahrain Grand Prix on Sunday.
Dozens of doctors from the Paris public hospital group (AP-HP) warned on Sunday they were preparing to have to triage patients in the next two weeks, amid fears of surging Covid-19 cases in the French capital.
Before there was Marcus Rashford, there was another notable Manchester United humanitarian, Lou Macari.
There are a whole lot of holes-in-one going on at the WGC Matchplay.
Iron age warriors were laid to rest in an ancient burial ground complete with feather-stuffed bedding from an array of birds, new research has shown.
Legendary Indian cricket player Sachin Tendulkar has announced he tested positive for Covid-19.
Europe's had a torrid time since the start of the pandemic. For a continent whose prosperity relies on political cooperation, seamless supply chains and the uncomplicated crossing of borders, a crisis that pits nation against nation and demands limited movement is a challenge.  
A Russian socialite and TV personality is under fire for interviewing a convicted rapist following his release from prison.
While the dark red might provide Formula One with its most famous livery, when it comes to recent performances, even Ferrari admits they've been a bit off color.
UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has condemned protests in the city of Bristol that saw demonstrators clash with police over a controversial policing bill for a second weekend in a row. Critics say the bill would curtail the right to demonstrate in the UK.
Seven-time Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton has said he's "spoken to Bahrain officials" about alleged human rights abuses in the country ahead of the Grand Prix in the country. 
Russian opposition figure Alexey Navalny has submitted two applications to Russian prison officials through his lawyers requesting access to a doctor of his choice and to ask authorities to stop alleged "torture by sleep deprivation," his legal team said.
Former France international Thierry Henry says he hopes his decision to step away from social media will inspire others to stand up against racist abuse and bullying online.
Bryson DeChambeau is used to pushing the boundaries of golf. 
As players continue to protest the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar, Belgium manager Roberto Martínez says boycotting the tournament would be a "big mistake." 
The couple have lined up commercial contracts, but can they deliver? 
Every team needs a good luck charm and for Loyola University Chicago's basketball team, it comes in the form of the beloved Sister Jean. 
You need to be almost superhuman to take on the Ironman World Championship in Kona, Hawaii. Which is why Briton Sam Holness plans on channeling what he describes as his autism "superpower" as he sets his sights on reaching the legendary event.
Norway's players wore T-shirts bearing the message "Human rights on and off the pitch" in the lead up to its World Cup qualifier against Gibraltar in protest of the next tournament being held in Qatar.
Former world champion snowboarder Julie Pomagalski has died in an avalanche at the age of 40.
Read Fast Facts from CNN about the 2008 military conflict between Russia and Georgia. 
The European Union proposed tighter controls on the export of Covid-19 vaccine doses on Wednesday, marking the latest spat between the bloc and the British-Swedish drugmaker AstraZeneca.
Canadian Vasek Pospisil apologized for his on-court conduct and a profanity-laced rant aimed at ATP Tour chief Andrea Gaudenzi during his first-round loss to American Mackenzie McDonald at the Miami Open on Wednesday.
Four-time major winner Rory McIlroy is in a slump of form, and nothing embodied that more than his drive on the fifth hole at the WGC Matchplay on Wednesday. 
It was meant to be a curtain-raiser for thousands of sports fans, a celebration of Japan's recovery from nuclear disaster 10 years ago that would showcase a country emerging strongly from years of economic gloom.
The UK now has nearly three months of post-Brexit life under its belt. So, how has it celebrated this newfound freedom from its Brussels-based masters? Despite the government of Boris Johnson taking to its new role as Europe's rowdy neighbor like a duck to water, claiming victory in the vaccine race as a consequence of Brexit and threatening to breach treaties it signed with Brussels, Britons are in no rush to transform their national identity. 
It's the biggest football match in 10 years between two fierce rivals, but Japan's meeting with South Korea appears to be sparking more concern than excitement. 
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II has a new great-grandson, after her eldest granddaughter, Zara Tindall, gave birth at home on Sunday evening. 
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has walked back on her plan to impose a new hard lockdown during the upcoming Easter holiday, apologizing for causing confusion over the restrictions and saying the issue was "singularly and alone" her mistake.
Secretly shot video tells the story of an alleged spy ring at work in Bulgaria's capital. A woman in a white jacket arrives at the Russian embassy in Sofia; she is seen in animated conversation with someone unidentified. 
Cesare Prandelli has stepped down from his position as head coach of Serie A side Fiorentina, saying that a "dark cloud" has developed inside of him.
The directors of the Pele documentary on Netflix, David Tryhorn and Ben Nicholas, on what it was like to work with the legendary Brazilian footballer, and how Pele won a third World Cup in Mexico 1970 against the backdrop of a military dictatorship. 
German Catholic theologians and clergy have mobilized against a recent ruling from the Vatican that said the Catholic Church would not bless same-sex unions.
Olympic fencer Ryo Miyake took up a new job last year: delivering food for Uber Eats. 
Golden State Warriors head coach Steve Kerr has called for stronger gun control measures in the United States following this week's mass shooting in Boulder, Colorado. 
Extinct volcanoes, the unforgiving rage of the Atlantic Ocean and unrelenting wind and rain. When it comes golf there's no place more challenging and rewarding than Iceland.
Boris Johnson, the UK's gaffe-prone Prime Minister, is making frantic attempts to row back on comments made in a private meeting with lawmakers from his own Conservative party on Tuesday night.  
The Netherlands team hope that this week's start of the World Cup qualifiers in Europe will highlight the plight of migrant workers in Qatar and help to improve their working conditions.
McLaren Racing has signed a long-term agreement with 13-year-old Ugo Ugochukwu, a promising karting champion from the United States.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic was reduced to tears in his first media conference since returning to Sweden international football squad while explaining his son's reaction to his call-up.
A 22-year-old Olympic surfing hopeful from El Salvador has died while training for an upcoming qualifying competition, the country's National Institute for Sport (INDES) has confirmed.
Australian authorities issued fresh flood warnings and evacuation orders on Tuesday as torrential rains again pummeled several parts of the country, sweeping away homes, roads and livestock in the worst downpour in more than half a century.
In the last decade, Lyon's dominance in women's football has been nigh on complete.
Read CNN's European Union Fast Facts and learn more about the economic and political organization that spans 28 member states.
Russian President Vladimir Putin received a Covid-19 vaccination on Tuesday without fuss or fanfare according to the Kremlin, more than three months after qualifying to do so.
Australia's Prime Minister Scott Morrison on Tuesday acknowledged mounting dissatisfaction with his handling of a series of allegations about the mistreatment of women in politics, as he vowed to drive cultural change.
Sevilla grabbed a dramatic last-second equalizer in Saturday's La Liga clash against Valladolid -- and the goal came from the unlikeliest of sources.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Tuesday announced a hard five-day lockdown over Easter, as the country battles a sharp rise in new coronavirus infections.
Belize's football federation (FFB) expressed "disappointment and disgust" on Monday after the team bus carrying the squad from the airport to their hotel was stopped by "an uproar of insurgents with assault rifles on motorcycles."
Cristiano Ronaldo will stay at Juventus beyond this season, the club's managing director Fabio Paratici said after a 1-0 defeat to Benevento.
Record-breaking floods in southeastern Australia have caused a mass animal exodus to higher ground, with spiders in particular surging onto people's land and into their homes.
Ex-NFL star, now congressman Colin Allred says he "stood up and was prepared to fight" to defend US democracy during insurrection.
Lionel Messi broke the club's appearance record on Sunday as the Argentine featured in his 768th game for the Catalan giants. 
The Australian government has declared a natural disaster in large swaths of New South Wales (NSW) as heavy rains batter the state and force thousands to evacuate.
CNN has spoken to Belarusians who have fled the repression of Lukashenko's regime. In dozens of interviews, protesters and opposition activists have spoken of torture -- from systematic beatings, to rape with a police baton.  
More than 18,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in Australia's New South Wales (NSW) as heavy rains and major flooding continue to inundate the state, causing some areas to resemble "inland seas."
Officials have condemned violent scenes at a protest in Bristol, England that left police officers injured and vehicles ablaze, as tensions escalate between law enforcement and activists over a controversial crime bill that could curtail people's ability to demonstrate.
Los Angeles Lakers superstar LeBron James will be out indefinitely after suffering a high ankle sprain in Saturday's game, according to the team's website. The injury occurred in the second quarter of the Lakers' 99-94 loss to the Atlanta Hawks.
International spectators will be refused entry into Japan for this summer's Olympic and Paralympic Games, the Tokyo 2020 Organizing Committee said in a statement on Saturday.
Buckingham Palace says it may consider appointing someone to spearhead its efforts around diversity. 
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has withdrawn his country from an international treaty to protect women through a presidential decree issued in the early hours of Saturday. 
After Kathleen Folbigg's four children died, she was convicted of killing them. But scientists say there's a genetic explanation behind their deaths. 
Australia's east coast was smashed by heavy rains on Saturday, sparking dangerous flash flooding that forced the evacuation of multiple regions as the fast-moving waters unmoored houses, engulfed roads, stranded towns and cut power lines.
Prince Harry has revealed how the death of his mother, Diana, Princess of Wales, affected him in a new book to support grieving children and young people who have lost loved ones in the pandemic. 
The NCAA has come under fire over the lack of amenities, notably the workout equipment, at the women's basketball tournament compared with the men's event this year.
Paul Stewart played for the England international team and some of English football's leading clubs, notably Manchester City, Tottenham Hotspur and Liverpool.
France will impose new coronavirus restrictions in 16 areas around the country, including the greater Paris and Nice areas, the country's prime minister announced Thursday in an attempt to contain a third wave of Covid-19 sweeping the country.
Spanish porn star Nacho Vidal has been charged with reckless homicide after a man died during a ceremony involving toad venom.
Europe appears to have missed its chance to stop the third wave of the coronavirus epidemic before it got out of control. Now, it's paying a high price for it, with new harsh lockdowns being imposed across the continent. 
It's crunch time in the Champions League.
The European Union's medicines regulator has concluded that the Oxford-AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine is safe to use after several EU countries suspended their rollouts following reports that it could be linked to blood clots.
He himself announced his retirement last year but the question still loomed: "Would Khabib Nurmagomedov make a shock return to the Octagon?"
While the Queen deals with matters of state, Philip usually resolves private family affairs. 
Manager Jose Mourinho questioned Tottenham Hotspur's "attitude" after defeat by Dinamo Zagreb in the Europa League, while captain Hugo Lloris said the team's performance was a "disgrace."
Rangers manager Steven Gerrard says he hopes the alleged racism directed at his player Glen Kamara during a match on Thursday does not get "brushed under the carpet." 
The fairy-tale wedding of Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, to Prince Harry represented to many the long-overdue modernization of Britain's most famous family. Nearly three years later, her allegations of racism within the royal family and the media punched a hole in the spectacle, reflecting an all-too-real home truth for Black people and other minorities living in the country.   
Lazio boss Simone Inzaghi called Bayern Munich "unplayable" after his side was comfortably beaten by the German powerhouse in the Champions League on Wednesday. 
Spain approved a law permitting euthanasia on Thursday by a 202 to 141 vote in parliament, making it the fourth European Union country to do so.
Former NBA star Jeremy Lin says violence towards Asian Americans is "hitting differently" amid the coronavirus pandemic.
Australia's devastating recent wildfires thrust as much smoke into the Earth's atmosphere as a powerful volcanic eruption, causing cooling over the region's oceans with potentially long-lasting impacts, according to the authors of a new study.
When he pictures the sight of a triple jumper traveling through the air, Will Claye's mind turns to music. 
Police in England and Wales are set to record misogyny as a hate crime on an experimental basis from this autumn, a government minister has said, as the UK faces a reckoning on violence against women. 
More than 500 people in the United Kingdom were put on do-not-resuscitate orders without their consent or their carers' consent during the coronavirus pandemic, according to a study released by England's care watchdog on Thursday. 
The Kremlin has reacted angrily to US President Joe Biden's remarks that Russian leader Vladimir Putin is "a killer," calling the comment unprecedented and describing the relationship between the two countries as "very bad."
Since hanging up his running spikes in 2017, Olympic legend Usain Bolt has enjoyed plenty more free time being able to watch his beloved Manchester United.
Fernando Alonso just can't get enough of the thrill of traveling at speed. That goes for both two wheels as well as four.
Team New Zealand (TNZ) retained the America's Cup on Wednesday, defeating Italian outfit Luna Rossa 7-3 in the best-of-13 series. 
LeBron James is becoming a part owner of the baseball giants, the Boston Red Sox.
"Where is she going?" an officer asks, pointing to my producer as she dives into the crowd around Clapham's bandstand just moments after London's Metropolitan Police begin to move in.
Tributes have flooded in for German racing driver Sabine Schmitz, who has died at the age of 51.
The Manchester City winning machine just keeps rolling on. 
Britain's overseas reputation has been tarnished lately, and some of it is entirely self-inflicted.
Damir Dzumhur has been fined and will face a further probe after the Bosnian walked off court in anger over a line call during his second qualifying round match on Sunday in the ATP 500 event at Acapulco, Mexico.
US Open runner-up Alexander Zverev says it is "absurd" he remains behind Roger Federer under the ATP Tour's revised rankings system during the Covid-19 pandemic, given that the Swiss was out injured for more than a year.
Barcelona manager Ronald Koeman called Lionel Messi "the most important player" in the club's history after the Argentine made his 767th appearance for the Catalan team on Monday.  
Spain, Germany, France and Italy have become the latest European countries to temporarily halt the rollout of the Oxford-AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine over a small number of blood clot concerns, going against the advice of international medical agencies as a third wave of infections looms over the continent. 
Wolverhampton Wanderers manager Nuno Espirito Santo said goalkeeper Rui Patricio is "totally conscious" and "going to recover" from a head injury sustained against Liverpool.
Europe's medicines regulator has said there's "no indication" that the Oxford-AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine has caused blood clots, as the list of countries temporarily halting the vaccine's rollout over safety concerns continues to grow.
When Alejandro and Julian Navarro first started playing rugby, they sometimes had to stop training because they could hear gun battles between rival gangs approaching the pitch. 
A 19-year-old Russian hockey player has died after being hit in the head by a puck, his club announced in a statement on Tuesday.
Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh, has left King Edward VII's Hospital in London one month after he was first admitted.
View CNN's Fast Facts on the life of Sir John Major, former prime minister of the United Kingdom.
The UK is attempting to justify flagship legislation that critics say would hand the police powers to seriously curb the ability of citizens to protest. The bill also says more about a criminal who defaces a statue than assaults a woman.
A London Metropolitan police officer who took part in the search for Sarah Everard has been removed from duties for sharing "an inappropriate graphic," the force has said.
Russia is Britain's top security challenge, the UK will build more nuclear weapons and London will expand its presence in the high-tech realms of space and cyberspace, Boris Johnson announced Tuesday in a sweeping review of British military and foreign policy.
A former inmate of Penal Colony No. 2 in Pokrov, east of Moscow, tells CNN of the rough conditions inside -- from not being allowed to talk to being reprimanded for the slightest infraction. A prisons expert said it was an "empire of fear."
With his broad grin and relaxed, languid running style, Usain Bolt often looked like he was going for a jog in the park rather than competing as the fastest man in the world.
The Vatican said Monday that the Catholic Church would not bless same-sex unions, in a combative statement approved by Pope Francis that threatens to widen the chasm between the church and much of the LGBTQ community.
Advocacy groups from Russia, France and Syria have filed a legal case against Russian mercenary group Wagner, accusing its fighters of torturing and beheading a Syrian man in 2017. 
Paris Saint-Germain star Angel Di Maria was withdrawn during his side's loss to Nantes on Sunday after he received news that his home had been burgled, AFP reported.
Italy is facing another national lockdown over Easter, as the government attempts to reign in a recent surge of coronavirus cases, marred by the presence of new variants.
The European Union launched legal proceedings against the United Kingdom on Monday over London's unilateral attempts to extend the Brexit grace period on food imports to Northern Ireland.
Ireland temporarily suspended the use of the AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine on Sunday following a report from Norway of patients developing blood clots post inoculation.  
Justin Thomas overcame a challenging first two days to win the Players Championship on Sunday, finishing on 14-under after shooting a final-round 68.
Cyclist Primoz Roglic showed remarkable resilience in the final stage of the Paris-Nice race on Sunday after crashing twice -- dislocating his shoulder in the first -- and losing the large lead he had accumulated. 
Drew Brees, after announcing his retirement from the NFL on Sunday, has said he will now be working with NBC.
Pele has congratulated Cristiano Ronaldo after the Portuguese forward surpassed the Brazilian soccer great's tally of goals scored in official matches.
French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has prompted outrage after releasing a cartoon depicting the UK's Queen Elizabeth kneeling on the neck of Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, invoking the death of George Floyd.
Campaigners have lost a challenge against the UK's prosecution service over the dramatically falling rate of rape prosecutions, at a critical juncture for women's rights in the country.
Police in Spain have seized a semi-submersible vessel designed to smuggle up to 2,000 kilograms of drugs, the first such 'narco-submarine' found to have been made in the country.
Buckingham Palace has hired an external law firm to investigate claims that Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, bullied royal staff, CNN understands.
Prince Charles has appeared in public for the first time since Harry and Meghan's seismic interview with Oprah Winfrey, and ignored a question on the furore surrounding the British royal family.
Tottenham's Erik Lamela produced an outrageous piece of skill to score a rabona goal but was later sent off in the North London Derby, as Arsenal beat its rivals 2-1 on Sunday in the Premier League. 
It was the interview that some within Buckingham Palace must have feared -- but Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex's discussion with Oprah Winfrey was more revealing, explosive and potentially damaging to the royal family than many could have imagined.
This is the first edition of Royal News, a new weekly newsletter from CNN bringing you the inside track on the royal family, what they are up to in public and what's happening behind palace walls. Sign up here.  
As the world digests the bombshell details revealed in Oprah Winfrey's interview with Prince Harry and the Duchess of Sussex, it's almost inevitable that questions will be asked of the British monarchy's continued relevance in the 21st century.  
Former undisputed middleweight champion "Marvelous" Marvin Hagler died on Saturday at the age of 66, according to his wife Kay G. Hagler.
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex has said there was concern within the royal family about her baby's skin tone, and her husband Prince Harry condemned his relatives for failing to criticize colonial undertones in media coverage, in a series of damning and disturbing claims that threaten to spark a racism scandal around Buckingham Palace.
Women's rights activists in the UK are reeling from the Metropolitan Police's heavy-handed approach at a Saturday night vigil for Sarah Everard, a 33-year old who was murdered while walking home in South London earlier this month. 
Former British Cycling and Team Sky doctor Richard Freeman has been found guilty of ordering testosterone "knowing or believing it was to be administered to an athlete to improve their athletic performance," a medical tribunal in Manchester ruled on Friday. 
Caris LeVert made his return to NBA action on Saturday night after undergoing surgery to remove a cancerous mass on his kidney almost two months ago. 
Tennis superstar Serena Williams says she understands the "pain and cruelty" suffered by Meghan, the wife of Prince Harry, after the Duchess of Sussex told Oprah Winfrey that an unnamed member of the royal family raised the issue of how dark their unborn baby Archie's skin would be while she was pregnant.
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, said in a bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey that her life as a British royal was so isolating and lonely at one point she "didn't want to be alive anymore" -- a stunning admission likely to rock the foundations of the centuries-old institution.
It's customary for pro golfers to buy a drink for all their fellow players after hitting a hole-in-one.
A London Metropolitan Police officer has been charged with the kidnap and murder of 33-year-old Sarah Everard, whose disappearance on a walk home has reignited a national debate in Britain on women's safety and sexual assault.
When Buckingham Palace finally broke its silence on the allegations made by the Duke and Duchess of Sussex in their bombshell interview, royal observers paid particular attention to one line of the palace statement: "While some recollections may vary, they are taken very seriously and will be addressed by the family privately." 
Around 200 opposition activists were detained in Moscow on Saturday, according to a statement from Russia's Ministry of Internal Affairs.
A French actress stripped naked at the country's prestigious César Awards to demand more support for the country's struggling arts industry, which has been hit hard by the coronavirus pandemic. 
One of the most poignant sports speeches in recent memory came from a giant of a man, the 6-foot 10-inch Kevin Durant. It was a speech that climaxed in a standing ovation and reduced many to tears, but he wasn't talking about his accomplishments on the court; he was talking about his mother. 
Super Bowl MVP Tom Brady, fresh off his record seventh NFL title, has signed a contract extension to remain with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, the team announced on Friday. 
Andy Murray has pulled out of next week's Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championships after the birth of his fourth child.
British police confirmed Friday that they had identified the body of 33-year-old Sarah Everard, whose disappearance while walking home in London sparked an outpouring across social media from women sharing their own experiences of sexual assault and harassment.
Carrying the surname of one of the greatest Formula One drivers ever understandably brings huge pressure and expectation, but Mick Schumacher feels only pride.
In a small nursing home by the southern English seaside, David Alexander, 89, walks into his wife's bedroom for the first time since October.
In recent years AC Milan has been something of a sleeping giant in European football, but that could be about to change.
The global rollout of the Oxford-AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine encountered another hurdle after a handful of countries paused their use of the shot, awaiting more information following reports the vaccine could be linked to blood clots, despite no clear evidence of a link.
Golfer Byeong Hun An is unlikely to forget in a hurry the 17th hole at TPC Sawgrass.
Roger Federer has pulled out of an upcoming tennis tournament in Dubai after returning to action following a 13-month injury layoff. 
It's been a gut-wrenching week for Black Britons.
A 96-year-old man accused of being an SS guard at the Stutthof camp in Nazi-occupied Poland has been deemed "unfit to stand trial."
The NBA fined Miami Heat's Meyers Leonard $50,000 on Thursday after the center used an anti-Semitic slur while livestreaming a video game.
Cristiano Ronaldo's "unforgivable error" in extra-time against 10-man Porto in the Champions League proved decisive as Juventus was dumped out by the Portuguese side.
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott has his eyes set on a Super Bowl victory after signing a new mega deal with the franchise. 
Denmark, Iceland and Norway have suspended the use of the Oxford-AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine while the European Union's medicines regulator investigates whether the shot could be linked to a number of reports of blood clots.
For someone who describes herself as a "pretty quiet person," Cat Phillips has shown herself to be utterly unafraid of speaking out. 
Lou Ottens, the Dutch inventor of the cassette tape, has died at the age of 94, his family has confirmed to CNN.
It wasn't enough to ensure Barcelona progressed to the Champions League quarterfinals but Lionel Messi's strike against Paris Saint-Germain on Wednesday will live long in the memory. 
The disappearance of Sarah Everard while walking home in London one evening has sparked an outpouring on social media from women sharing their own experiences of sexual assault and harassment -- and also the habitual precautions they take to try to stay safe when they walk alone.
Prince William has denied the royal family is racist in his first public remarks since his brother Prince Harry, and his wife Meghan, made explosive claims in a TV interview.
Tennis has limped back to some semblance of normality after last year's lengthy disruption due to the Covid-19 pandemic, but stakeholders fear playing tournaments in front of empty stands might not be sustainable for long.
Brazil's world famous Maracana stadium is to get a new name, after the Rio de Janeiro state legislature voted on Tuesday to change its official title to the Edson Arantes do Nascimento -- Rei Pele stadium.
Golfer Rory McIlroy says his friend and fellow professional Tiger Woods is "feeling better" and is hopeful to be transferred to his home in Florida in the "next week or so."
The Texas Rangers could become the first major US sports team to play before a full house since the coronavirus pandemic began shutting stadiums and arenas a year ago this week.
Buckingham Palace broke its silence Tuesday evening over Harry and Meghan's bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey, saying in a statement on behalf of the Queen that allegations of racism made by the Sussexes were concerning and being "taken very seriously."
A backyard pool in California might be the last place you'd expect to find one of the world's greatest swimmers in training, but that was the reality for Katie Ledecky when the pandemic forced facilities to shut last year. 
A British-Australian academic said she suffered "psychological torture" while jailed in Iran and claims Tehran tried to recruit her as a spy, in her first interview since she was released last year.
Roger Federer marked his return to tennis with a closely-fought 7-6 3-6 7-5 victory over Dan Evans at the Qatar Open.
France will speed up the declassification of secret defense archives, including those related to its war with Algeria, as it continues to grapple with its colonial history. France colonized Algeria from 1830 until its independence in 1962 following a seven-year war.
Krista Bose is just 14 weeks shy of qualifying as a doctor in the UK, but cancer -- and the risk of catching Covid-19 -- meant she had to put her medical training on hold, just when her skills are most needed. 
Police officers in London have found "what appear to be human remains" in the search for Sarah Everard, the 33-year-old woman who disappeared in London earlier this month, Metropolitan Police Commissioner Cressida Dick said Wednesday. 
They say scoring goals is the hardest part of soccer but Erling Braut Haaland continues to make the process look easy. 
By the time the first bell rang and Joe Frazier came bobbing towards him, Muhammad Ali was already four years into a fight that helped define him as one of the 20th century's most influential figures.
Anne Sacoolas, the American woman who fled the UK after killing motorcyclist Harry Dunn in a traffic accident in 2019, is willing to do community service in the US and "make a contribution" in the teenager's memory her lawyer said Tuesday.
Peter Burling and Max Sirena will be fierce rivals over the next week or so as they compete for the "Auld Mug" but they are united in their admiration for the AC75 class of boat that will be used for the first time in the 36th America's Cup.
Neanderthal remains believed to belong to some of the last survivors of the species in Europe are thousands of years older than once thought, according to a new study. 
When Novak Djokovic was just seven years old, he'd make his own Wimbledon trophy and imagine he was the best tennis player in the world.
The biggest question looming over the NFL's biggest team has finally been answered. 
It was the revelation that made Oprah Winfrey's jaw drop during an already explosive interview. There were several "concerns and conversations about how dark his skin might be when he was born," Meghan, Duchess of Sussex said of an issue raised by an unnamed member of the British royal family before the birth of her son Archie. 
Britain's royal family was facing a once-in-a-generation crisis on Monday after Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, rocked the institution with a litany of devastating allegations in their eagerly awaited interview with Oprah Winfrey.
A fireball that lit up the sky over the United Kingdom and Northern Europe on February 28 was an extremely rare type of meteorite. Fragments of the space rock could provide answers to questions about the early history of the solar system and life on Earth. 
Skier Mikaela Shiffrin reveals how she's been inspired by tennis star Iga Świątek
French politician Olivier Dassault has died in a helicopter crash in northwest France at the age of 69, CNN affiliate BFM TV reported Sunday. 
Talk about having someone in your corner. 
Meghan's powerfully honest admission in her conversation with Oprah is likely to be as explosive as Princess Diana's sit-down with the BBC's Martin Bashir back in 1995 -- which helped spark a crisis that took the monarchy years to recover from. 
The fridges are here but the shots are not. 
This wasn't how the fairytale was supposed to play out. The beloved bachelor prince had finally found his perfect match, culminating in an elegant, star-studded castle wedding. Less than three years on, the intensifying row between the Sussexes and Britain's royal family has captivated the globe. Never before have we seen the monarchy machinery exposed quite so publicly. 
UEFA announced on Monday that Romanian fourth official Sebastian Colţescu and assistant referee Octavian Sovre have been cleared of racism and other discriminatory conduct during December's Champions League match between Paris Saint-Germain and Istanbul Basaksehir in Paris.
As Lewis Hamilton celebrated his victory at last season's Styrian Grand Prix, a member of the Mercedes team grabbed Stephanie Travers and told her she was wanted for the podium ceremony.
Novak Djokovic has broken Roger Federer's all-time record for most weeks spent as the men's world No.1.
Barcelona stars past and present came out in number to vote in what was arguably the most important presidential election in club history, as Joan Laporta was elected for a second time.
The NBA sent roughly 200 cease-and-desist letters to Atlanta-area promoters who were using the league's trademarks without permission, a source with knowledge of the situation told CNN. 
Robert Lewandowski took a step closer to breaking a legendary scoring record after netting a hat trick in Bayern Munich's 4-2 win over rivals Borussia Dortmund on Saturday. 
Philadelphia 76ers stars Joel Embiid and Ben Simmons were pulled from the NBA All-Star Game Sunday due to the league's Covid-19 protocols. 
Switzerland has voted to ban full facial coverings in nearly all public places in a closely-contested referendum on Sunday.
Manchester United ended Manchester City's 21-game winning streak with a brilliantly executed 2-0 victory at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday. 
An Italian prosecutor on Saturday asked for life sentences for two American students charged with murdering a police officer in an alleged drug deal gone wrong.
Clemmie Perry is the founder of Women of Color Golf and GIrls On the Green Tee, an initiative that aims to bridge the access gap in golf.
With Europe's vaccine rollout creeping forward, attention is turning to what will happen when the continent's borders reopen. Where this debate could get particularly fraught is over the thorny issue of migration.    
The Iditarod, Alaska's legendary long-distance sled dog race, is set to begin Sunday despite the threat of coronavirus. 
It is typically a time where the great and good of the NBA showcase their unique skills to an assembled crowd of fans and A-list celebrities.
Ten years ago following Darren Clarke's win at a wild and wet 2011 Open tournament, one of the world's top golf courses embarked on a modernizing mission.
Creighton University has suspended its men's head basketball coach Greg McDermott, who apologized earlier this week for making what he said was a "terribly inappropriate analogy" about a plantation when talking to his team following a loss on Saturday.
Maia Chaka will make history when the new National Football League season starts this year.
It was a tiny error in judgement, but within seconds he realized that the consequences could be potentially life threatening. 
Britain's Prince Philip was transferred to the King Edward VII private hospital in London on Friday morning, following a "successful" heart procedure on Thursday, Buckingham Palace said in a statement.
France said Friday it may follow Italy in blocking Covid-19 vaccine shipments as concerns about vaccine nationalism rise.
Who isn't talking about Oprah Winfrey's much anticipated sit-down interview with Meghan and Harry?
Tom Brady was just beginning to celebrate the Buccaneers' Super Bowl victory on the field in Tampa last month when his wife Gisele embraced him and asked "What more do you have to prove?," the veteran quarterback recalled on Tuesday.
Born in 1903, the super-centenarian has survived cancer twice, owned and worked at her rice store until the age of 103, and says her key to longevity is to practice math to keep the mind sharp. 
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp has vowed to be "as honest as possible" with his players after a 1-0 loss against Chelsea -- his side's fifth consecutive home defeat.
A 17-year-old boy has died a week after being stung by a box jellyfish on a Queensland beach, Australia. 
Buckingham Palace said Wednesday it would investigate allegations that Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, bullied several staff members after a British media report cited unnamed royal aides saying a complaint had been made against her in 2018.
Unsurprisingly, the return of the quintessentially British car brand Aston Martin to the Formula 1 grid this week came with some big names. 
Five-time Olympic gold medalist Katie Ledecky secured an emphatic victory in her first race since March 2020 on Wednesday, winning the 1500-meter freestyle by 21.37 seconds at the TYR Pro Swim Series in San Antonio, Texas.
Italy invoked European Union powers to block the export of 250,000 Covid-19 vaccine doses to Australia on Thursday, in a dramatic escalation of a dispute between the EU and drug giant AstraZeneca. 
Prince Philip, the 99-year-old husband of Queen Elizabeth II, underwent a medical procedure for a heart condition on Wednesday, Buckingham Palace said in a statement Thursday.
Hasmita Patel shuffles quickly between vaccination pods, stopping to peer inside each cubicle and greet her staff.
Germany's BfV domestic intelligence service has formally placed the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) under surveillance on suspicion of trying to undermine Germany's democratic constitution, a person briefed on the move said on Wednesday.
Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, has accused Buckingham Palace of "perpetuating falsehoods" against her and husband Prince Harry in an explosive clip from an interview with Oprah Winfrey that is due to be aired on Sunday.
The UN's high commissioner for human rights has called for an independent investigation into human rights violations that may amount to war crimes in Ethiopia's Tigray region, days after CNN published an exclusive report about a massacre in a village there. 
Few people will envy the man elected to be the new president of FC Barcelona.
Barcelona fans were given some respite from the club's off-the-field troubles as Lionel Messi and Co. mounted a stunning comeback to beat Sevilla and advance to the Copa del Rey final.
The European Union's 27-nation vaccine strategy is splintering as member states turn to nations outside the bloc to boost a faltering rollout plagued by supply issues, contract skirmishes and sluggish takeup.
The Church of Cyprus has called for the country's official entry to the Eurovision Song Contest to be withdrawn, arguing that it promotes surrender to the devil. 
Four hundred years ago beavers became extinct in England. Now they have returned and could help fight the impacts of climate change.
Attorney General Christian Porter has outed himself as the Australian cabinet minister at the center of a historical rape allegation that has caused a storm of speculation in the nation's Parliament.
Former NBA star Jeremy Lin says he's seen a rise in racism across the US since the coronavirus pandemic started and says the country must address the issue of anti-Asian violence.
Russian opposition figure Alexey Navalny is being held in detention center-3 in Kolchugino in the Vladimir region east of Moscow, his lawyer Vadim Kobzev told CNN on Wednesday. 
A week after British Prime Minister Boris Johnson laid out a triumphant road map for the country's exit from lockdown, off the back of its successful Covid-19 vaccination drive, major flaws have been exposed in the UK's efforts to prevent the spread of new coronavirus variants in the country.
The Winter Olympics in Beijing are under growing calls for a boycott because of China's policy on the Uyghurs and other Muslim minorities in the western region of Xinjiang, and skier Mikaela Shiffrin says she should not have to choose between her morals and her job.
Iranian female Olympic medal winner Kimia Alizadeh has been granted refugee status in Germany and aims to compete in the Olympic Refugee Team under a white flag in Tokyo this summer.
A Porsche that belonged to footballing legend Diego Maradona has been put up for auction and valued between $180,000 and $240,000.
French Catholic clergy could have abused at least 10,000 minors and other vulnerable people since 1950, according to an independent investigation set up by the Church in France.
The horse racing industry is facing renewed scrutiny over animal welfare after footage emerged showing an amateur jockey jumping onto the back of a dead horse.
When your career highs come around only once every four years, the prospect of putting your aspirations on hold can be difficult to stomach.   
Arizona Cardinals owner Michael Bidwell didn't leave anything to chance when it came to signing J.J. Watt -- the American businessman personally flew his jet to scoop up and transport the three-time defensive player of the year to his new team.
CNN gets an exclusive look inside one of seven new Russian production centers pumping out the Sputnik V coronavirus vaccine. But even as millions of doses are being produced, people in Moscow seem wary of getting it.
The owners of Jiangsu FC, the defending Chinese Super League (CSL) champion, announced on Sunday that the club would "cease operations" with immediate effect.
England rugby player Ellis Genge says he received death threats after not clapping his Welsh opponents following his side's defeat in the Six Nations.
British health officials are racing to track down one person who has been infected with a Covid-19 variant first identified in Brazilian city of Manaus. 
When your phone goes off in the middle of the night, it isn't usually good news.
Golfers wore red shirts and black pants during the WGC-Workday Championship on Sunday in honor of golf legend Tiger Woods, who is hospitalized after a serious car accident last week.
Top trainer Gordon Elliott has apologized after a photo surfaced of him sitting on top of a dead horse, talking on the phone.
Olympic champion sprinter Yohan Blake of Jamaica said he would rather miss the Tokyo Games than get the Covid-19 vaccine, although getting vaccinated will not be required of the athletes competing there this summer.
A French court on Monday sentenced former President Nicolas Sarkozy to three years in prison for corruption and influence peddling, but suspended two years of the sentence. 
On an epidemiological map of the world, the Czech Republic shows up as a tiny island of doom and gloom. While the global number of new coronavirus cases has been dropping for six consecutive weeks, the Central European nation of 10 million has been experiencing near record levels of new infections.
Britain's Prince Philip, the husband of Queen Elizabeth II, was moved from one London hospital to another on Monday for treatment of an infection and observation of a preexisting heart condition, Buckingham Palace announced.
As the Cambridges celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary, we look at how Catherine is owning her role as a queen in waiting.
A former British police officer convicted earlier this month of belonging to a banned neo-Nazi group in the United Kingdom has been sentenced to four years and four months in jail, a representative of London's Central Criminal Court told CNN on Friday.
A pair of Lionel Messi's boots have been sold for charity for $173,000, auction house Christie's said on Friday.
The Kentucky Derby Racing Commission said they will not take action against United Arab Emirates Prime Minister Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al-Maktoum, owner of this year's Kentucky Derby favorite Essential Quality.
Former Germany defender Christoph Metzelder was given a 10-month suspended prison sentence on Thursday after being found guilty of sharing pictures of child pornography with acquaintances through a message service, a court in Düsseldorf said.
A judge in Moscow upheld a defamation conviction Thursday against jailed Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny, who joined a court hearing via videolink, in his first public appearance since he went on hunger strike.
Phillies right fielder Bryce Harper, who left Philadelphia's Wednesday night road game against the St. Louis Cardinals after getting hit in the face by a pitch, avoided serious injury.
Prince William and Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, have released two new photographs to mark their 10-year wedding anniversary. 
Since winning her debut major at the ANA Inspiration, Patty Tavatanakit's life has dramatically changed. 
She's been a fixture of life in Germany for almost 16 years. But now the political stability that the country has enjoyed for so long under Angela Merkel is coming to an end as she prepares to stand down as Chancellor.
Germany's intelligence service is putting some anti-lockdown activists under surveillance because of concerns they are attempting to undermine the legitimacy of the federal state.
Paris Saint-Germain was "emotional and aggressive in a stupid way" according to former Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger after it threw away its lead in the Champions League semifinal clash against Manchester City. 
The Utah Jazz set a new franchise record for most points in a single game on Wednesday as they thrashed the Sacramento Kings 154-105.
Turkey has entered its first national coronavirus lockdown as infection rates continue to climb in the country, now the highest in Europe.
The NFL Draft is back, and with the commissioner Roger Goodell fully vaccinated, he's out the basement, available for hugs.
The ban preventing athletes from protesting or demonstrating at the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games has been upheld by the International Olympic Committee (IOC). 
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson will face a formal investigation into the funding of renovations to his Downing Street apartment, after the country's political spending watchdog said there are "reasonable grounds" to suspect that an offense may have occurred.
Golfer Michael Visacki could not contain his emotion on Monday after the dream of qualifying for his first PGA Tour event finally came true. 
As the debate intensifies as to whether the lucrative Indian Premier League (IPL) tournament should play on amid a deadly Covid-19 second wave, Australian international David Warner was adhering to strict safety protocols as he took an internal flight in the country for a match.
An exhibition match between undefeated former world champion Floyd Mayweather and YouTube star turned amateur boxer Logan Paul is back on.
An Australian court has jailed a man for 10 months after he drove dangerously and then filmed and mocked dying police officers at the scene of a deadly crash. 
Australia will spend $580 million to upgrade four northern military bases and expand war games with the United States, Prime Minister Scott Morrison said on Wednesday.
A bomb alert in southern Germany turned out to be a false alarm after a grenade-shaped object was found to be a sex toy.
Christian Pulisic became the first US Men's National Team player to score in a Champions League semifinal, as Chelsea and Real Madrid played out an entertaining 1-1 draw in Tuesday's first leg.
Britain's political spending watchdog will launch a formal investigation into the funding of renovations to Prime Minister Boris Johnson's apartment in Downing Street, as he faces multiple allegations of political sleaze and scandal.
The former British prime minister appeared in a television interview sporting a hairstyle that prompted comparisons with Doc Brown in "Back to the Future" and the possessed Vigo painting in "Ghostbusters."
Five years have passed since Paris Saint-Germain and Manchester City last met in the Champions League, but both teams' quests for European silverware endures.   
European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has said sexism was to blame for an incident where she was left awkwardly standing while her male colleague sat during her last visit to Turkey earlier this month.
RB Leipzig's Julian Nagelsmann will take over from Hansi Flick as Bayern Munich's head coach next season after signing a five-year contract, the Bundesliga champion announced on Tuesday.
Hungary's parliament passed legislation on Tuesday setting up foundations to take over the running of universities and cultural institutions in a move critics say extends the ideological imprint of the ruling right-wing government.
As Maya Gabeira carves a white ripple across the face of a 73-foot wave, two thoughts flash through her mind. 
The UK's Queen Elizabeth was seen smiling in one of her first engagements following the funeral of her husband, Prince Philip. 
World Athletics have rejected an application from American double amputee Blake Leeper to run on particular running specific prostheses (RSPs), preventing him from competing in the Olympics or World Athletics events.
Check out CNN's UK Phone Hacking Scandal Fast Facts, which looks at journalists accused of bribing police to hack high profile individuals. 
Boris Johnson is currently engulfed in numerous scandals, including allegations that he was happy to let people die to avoid putting England into lockdown. He denies the claim, but another crisis -- a war of words with a former ally -- could be even more damaging.
European football's governing body UEFA has opened a disciplinary investigation into Zlatan Ibrahimovic's "alleged financial interest in a betting company."
The largest naval flotilla assembled by Britain in recent years will set sail in May on a months' long voyage through the Pacific, the country's Defense Ministry said Monday.
Former UFC middleweight champion Chris Weidman has undergone successful surgery after suffering a gruesome broken leg during his bout on Saturday at UFC 261. 
Despite a devastating Covid-19 second wave killing thousands of people every day in India, the Indian Premier League (IPL) cricket tournament is playing on.
Moscow's chief prosecutor froze the political movement of jailed Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny on Monday by suspending activities at his offices across the country, while petitioning a court to do the same for the Anti-Corruption Foundation that he founded.
She laced up her boots and sped on to the skating rink. A seemingly innocuous act, except in 1952 during a time of racial segregation in the US, this young Black woman departed the rink with a broken arm, her actions having infuriated White men intent on her exclusion.
When an erratically driven car threatened the lives of pedestrians in a public square, a brave passerby took matters into his own hands with a spectacular leap through the driver's window.
There aren't many things Rob Gronkowski has floundered at.
Manchester City clinched a fourth consecutive League Cup title on Sunday after beating Tottenham Hotspur 1-0 at Wembley. 
The world of English football is set to unite behind a social media boycott in a bid to combat the sustained racist abuse received by players online. 
A Paris court has found France legally responsible for its failure to meet targets intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
Standing at the feet of the early 20th century feminist Millicent Fawcett -- the only woman to be honored with a statue in the UK's Parliament Square -- I held the microphone up as high as I could to capture the impassioned words of her present-day successors. 
A chainsaw-wielding, tree-felling "maniac" has been roaming a sleepy English region under cover of darkness, decapitating the area's greenery and mobilizing terrorized villagers to launch a surveillance operation in the hope of catching the offender.
A man in the town of Manacor on the Spanish island of Mallorca has been arrested on suspicion of infecting 22 people with Covid-19, according to the Spanish National Police.
Police searching for the "Big Bird Bandits" who allegedly stole a "Sesame Street" costume from an Australian circus have arrested and charged two men.
The massacre of hundreds of thousands of Armenians by Ottoman forces during World War I -- and the question of whether it should be called a genocide -- remains highly contentious a century after the event. 
"Greed," money and power.
Zlatan Ibrahimović has signed a one-year contract extension at AC Milan that will enable him to play beyond his 40th birthday. 
A vaccine against malaria has shown record efficacy in a Phase II trial, a pre-print study released on Friday by Oxford University shows, raising hopes that one of the world's most deadly diseases could be brought under control.
Basketball player Terrence Clarke, who last month declared for the 2021 NBA draft after playing his freshman season for the University of Kentucky, died Thursday after sustaining fatal injuries in a car accident in Los Angeles, according to the Kentucky athletics department. He was 19 years old. 
Former Manchester United star Ryan Giggs, who is the manager of the Welsh national football team, has been charged with assaulting two women and "coercive and controlling behaviour," police said on Friday.
Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge have released a new picture of their youngest child, Prince Louis, to mark his third birthday, and his first day at preschool.
We've seen dogs at football games. We've seen cats at NFL games. We've even seen alligators at golf courses. 
Jailed Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny said Friday that he is ending his weekslong hunger strike, following a warning from doctors close to him that he was close to death.
The UK Prime Minister's former chief advisor Dominic Cummings has denied leaking Prime Minister Boris Johnson's text messages in a blog post published on Friday. 
Eight witnesses and a confession from the real perpetrator couldn't save Valentino Dixon from being handed a prison sentence of nearly 40 years for a crime he didn't commit. 
Ten of the 12 founding members might have officially pulled out of the European Super League, but Barcelona has reiterated its commitment to the idea.
Russia appeared to be pulling back from a confrontation with the West on Friday as state media reported that troops were returning to their bases after taking part in exercises near the border with Ukraine and in Crimea.
An anti-terrorism investigation has been launched in France after a female police officer was killed in a knife attack at a police station in a Paris suburb.
Germany's new "emergency brake" rules for areas with high Covid-19 infection rates, intended to curb the spread of the virus, will come into force Saturday, Health Minister Jens Spahn said. They will affect almost the entire country.
Despite a ferocious backlash and widespread condemnation, Real Madrid President Florentino Perez says the so-called Super League isn't canceled, only on "standby."
Seán McCabe holds a unique role in world football. The Irishman is Bohemian FC's Climate Justice Officer - a newly created, voluntary role and the first of it's kind in world football.
As crowds gathered outside Chelsea's Stamford Bridge stadium, there was a moment -- almost like the flick of a switch -- when angry jeers turned to whooping cheers.
Russian security forces rounded up more than 1,000 demonstrators on Wednesday as thousands of people in cities across the country rallied in support of jailed opposition leader Alexey Navalny, according to OVD-Info, an independent monitoring group. 
An employee at a hospital in southern Italy received 15 years' worth of pay despite never showing up for work, police said.  
Russia is ready to start building its own space station with the aim of launching it into orbit by 2030 if President Vladimir Putin gives the go-ahead, the head of its Roscosmos space agency said on Wednesday.
Hundreds of thousands of Black and Asian military personnel who died fighting for the British empire during World War I were not formally commemorated like their White counterparts due to the "pervasive racism of contemporary imperial attitudes," according to a report released Thursday. 
One by one they began to fall. The European Super League looks to have collapsed.
The architects of the European Super League appeared to strike a defiant tone Tuesday, promising to "reshape the project" following the withdrawal of all six English clubs from the controversial breakaway competition.  
Less than 48 hours after the formation of a new European Super League, several English clubs have already withdrawn from the controversial competition.
Fifty years ago, NASA's Apollo 14 completed the third crewed mission to the moon. On board the spacecraft as it landed in the Pacific Ocean on February 9, 1971, was some unusual cargo -- about 500 tree seeds. 
Queen Elizabeth II is marking her 95th birthday in a low-key fashion at Windsor Castle, just days after the funeral of Prince Philip, her husband of 73 years. 
Twelve elite football clubs intent on forming a new European Super League are facing a concerted backlash from the sport's governing bodies over their plan.
Steph Curry's hot streak just got hotter.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has invited his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin to meet in eastern Ukraine, where long-simmering tensions have resurged in recent weeks.
Europe's medicines regulator said it has found a possible link between the Johnson & Johnson Covid-19 vaccine and rare blood clots, but emphasized that the overall benefits of getting the shot outweigh the risks. 
Ayesha McGowan says it's her stubbornness that has pushed her to become the first Black American woman in pro cycling. As a satellite rider for the LivRacing WorldTeam, she is fighting for gender advocacy to get more marginalised folk into the sport. 
Football fans, politicians and governing bodies are united in fury after 12 of the sport's biggest teams announced plans to breakaway from European football competitions and form their own "Super League" -- a move that poses an existential threat to the world's favorite sport.
Players and fans of Liverpool and Leeds United took a stand against the European Super League, the controversial competition that is expected to change the face of football, during the sides' Premier League game on Monday. 
The recent proposals for a European Super League have created severe headaches for the political leaders of the three nations involved. However, the pain is uniquely acute for British Prime Minister Boris Johnson.  
Angela Merkel has been in the top job for nearly 16 years, but the biggest challenge of her career might still lie ahead. 
Covid-19 infections have been rising at an alarming rate for eight consecutive weeks, the World Health Organization (WHO) has warned, as the virus sweeps unabated through hotspots in several corners of the globe. 
When Los Angeles Lakers great Kobe Bryant is posthumously enshrined in the basketball Hall of Fame next month he'll be welcomed in by arguably the sport's greatest player -- Michael Jordan.
Football fan groups have reacted angrily to the prospect of the European Super League, calling it the "ultimate betrayal" and "cynical greed."
José Mourinho has been sacked by English Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur after just 17 months in charge, the club announced in a statement on Monday.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen won a chaotic and crash-halted Emilia Romagna Grand Prix at Imola on Sunday, with Lewis Hamilton second for Mercedes and retaining the lead in the championship by a single point.
For the first time in six seasons, there will be a new Women's Champions League winner.
UEFA president Aleksander Ceferin says the "shameless" plans for a new European Super League (ESL) are akin to "taking football hostage." 
Jailed Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny has been moved from a penal colony to a regional hospital for prisoners east of Moscow as concerns grow over his health. 
That the Czech Republic is pointing the finger at two Russian agents for a deadly explosion at an ammunition depot in the country is remarkable. The fact that the agents in question are the same pair accused of trying to poison a former Russian spy on English soil is nothing short of astounding.  
A group of United Nations human rights experts on Monday strongly condemned a recent British government-backed report into institutional racism, saying it offered "no evidence" to support its finding that the UK is not institutionally racist. 
The news of plans for 12 of Europe's top football teams to break away and form a European Super League has shocked and outraged the footballing and wider world. 
The Duke of Edinburgh was laid to rest in fitting service Saturday.
The royal family adhered strictly to UK Covid-19 regulations during the funeral of Prince Philip, who was laid to rest Saturday. As such, the Queen sat alone during the service to follow current restrictions.
Nearly a dozen Russian politicians have published an open letter to President Vladimir Putin, saying that he was personally responsible for the life of Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny, who has been on a hunger strike in a penal colony in the Russian city of Pokrov.
Denmark has become the first democratic European nation to tell Syrian refugees originating from Damascus and its surrounding countryside to return to the war-torn nation. Critics say it's the latest crackdown aimed at the country's non-White immigrant community. 
The suspects of the 2018 novichok nerve agent poisoning of Sergei and Yulia Skripal in Salisbury, England, have been linked to a 2014 blast in the Czech Republic that killed two people. 
YouTuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul defeated former MMA fighter Ben Askren in a much-anticipated boxing match with a first-round TKO, as the two squared off Saturday night at Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta.
The group of people had lined up and were waiting patiently to have their photos taken with Lionel Messi -- but these weren't fans, they were the Argentine's Barcelona teammates.
Before he became one of Hollywood's leading men, before the Oscar for best actor in 2014 and he went Interstellar on the silver screen, Matthew McConaughey was learning his craft and, in fact, preparing to shoot his very first scene. 
YouTube star Jake Paul is set to fight in his third professional boxing match against former UFC fighter Ben Askren.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II sat alone through Saturday's funeral of her late husband, Prince Philip, in what was an emotional yet muted affair that took place as a nation healed from a pandemic, and a rift that saw Prince Harry step back from the royal family. 
Lewis Hamilton celebrated his 99th Formula One pole position after seeing off Red Bull's Sergio Perez and Max Verstappen in qualifying for the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix at Imola on Saturday.
With one small putt, Hideki Matsuyama ascended from professional golfer to national treasure.  
Prince William and his brother Prince Harry set recent family frictions aside to walk together after attending the funeral service of their grandfather Prince Philip at Windsor Castle Saturday. 
Maxi Bagnasco says he knows Diego Maradona's features by heart after painting portraits of the soccer star almost daily since the Argentine World Cup winner died last November.
Arsenal star Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has been recovering in hospital after catching malaria while on international duty. 
Buckingham Palace has revealed the 30 people who will make up the congregation at the Duke of Edinburgh's funeral service on Saturday.
It's a memory that Martin Braithwaite has pushed to the back of his mind -- watching his friends having fun while he was temporarily trapped in a wheelchair. 
The French parliament on Thursday adopted legislation that characterizes sex with a child under the age of 15 as rape and punishable by up to 20 years in jail, bringing its penal code closer in line with many other Western nations.
The funeral service will be a more low-key royal event. 
Much of Donald Trump's success early in his political career came from his promises to "drain the swamp" of Washington DC. The former US president was referring to the enormous power held by wealthy lobbying groups who try to influence government officials to make policy decisions that might benefit the interests of those they represent.     
Novak Djokovic had been on an unbeaten 10-match run to start 2021 in which he'd lifted his ninth Australian Open title. 
Seven-time All-Star NBA LaMarcus Aldridge has retired from basketball abruptly after he suffered an irregular heartbeat during the Brooklyn Nets' loss to the Los Angeles Lakers on Saturday, April 10. 
Liverpool has condemned "a few individuals" for their "shameful behavior" after fans smashed a window of the Real Madrid team bus ahead of the Champions League quarterfinal on Wednesday. 
"How you like me now?" say eight sassy golf whiz kids into the camera, accompanied by the catchy tune of the same name in the Netflix documentary, "The Short Game."
A leading cricket journalist has said the England cricket team were wrong to stop kneeling in the midst of the Black Lives Matter protests and the struggle against racism last summer. 
World record holder Adam Peaty declared himself ahead of schedule for the Tokyo Olympics after swimming the fastest 100m breaststroke of the year at the British selection trials in London on Wednesday.
The office of a Russian magazine for students was raided and several of its editors were temporarily detained by authorities on Wednesday morning, after the publication expressed its support for jailed Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny, according to DOXA magazine.
A French nuclear-powered submarine severely damaged by fire last year has been saved from the scrapyard -- by cutting it in two and welding the salvageable half to part of another decommissioned sub.
Denmark has removed the AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine from its vaccination program, saying it is not needed because the country has already reached "such an advanced point" in its vaccine rollout.
Whether it be baying fans, a particularly colorful outfit or even a pitch invader, it's not unheard of for football players to suffer distractions.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about David Beckham, and learn more about the life of the retired soccer legend.
Read CNN's Fast Facts and learn about the life of former British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth has held her first in-person engagement since the death of her husband, Prince Philip, last Friday. 
Paris Saint-Germain showed both style and substance in its epic Champions League quarterfinal win over Bayern Munich on Tuesday. 
Slavia Prague defender Ondřej Kúdela has been banned for 10 matches by UEFA after the governing body's investigation into allegations of the player's "racist behavior" towards Rangers' midfielder Glen Kamara during the sides' UEFA Europa League meeting at Ibrox stadium last month.
Erik Thorstvedt was on the sidelines when Erling Braut Haaland was making a name for himself as a rising star in Norway -- long before the Borussia Dortmund striker started breaking records in the Champions League. 
Mehdi Taremi scored a truly spectacular overhead kick on Tuesday to become the first Iranian player to score in the Champions League quarterfinals. 
The circumstances around this year's Olympics might be wildly different compared to previous Games, but history could be about to repeat itself when it comes to the Tokyo 2020 medal table. 
Berlin Police are investigating a possible violation of coronavirus lockdown rules during an alleged party at the private members club Soho House, a police spokesperson told CNN on Tuesday.
With 100 days to go until the Games, already postponed a year due to the coronavirus pandemic, questions remain over how Tokyo can hold a massive sporting event and keep volunteers, athletes, officials -- and the Japanese public -- safe from Covid-19.
Tens of thousands of Russian troops gathered across the Ukrainian border are raising fears of an invasion. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky visited troops on the front line and told CNN he wants more support from the US.
From a glance at British media over the past few days, you could be forgiven for thinking that the entire United Kingdom is in a collective funk, distraught over the passing of Prince Philip and in a state of national mourning.  
The NBA, MLB and NHL postponed their Monday games In Minneapolis following the death of Daunte Wright, a Black man killed in a traffic stop Sunday.
A serving police officer from London's Metropolitan Police force has been sentenced to two years and three months in prison after breaking a Black man's knee in what the judge called "a clear case of racial profiling."
Cars set alight. Petrol bombs hurled at police and at peace walls. A double decker bus hijacked, and water cannons unleashed on protestors for the first time in six years. 
The government of Spain's Socialist Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez has started the process to open up a mass grave containing the remains of more than 33,000 victims of the country's 1936-39 civil war.
If you've been out driving on the eastern coast of Australia in the last few months, you might have seen Tom Drury. He would have been hard to miss, a 28-year-old with a droopy moustache and a backpack, cruising along by the side of the Bruce Highway. Cruising, on a skateboard. 
 Ireland's Conor McGregor has told Dustin Poirier their third fight scheduled for July 10 is off after the pair quarreled on Twitter over a $500,000 donation to the American's charity.
After her historic victory in becoming the first female jockey to win the Grand National, Irish rider Rachael Blackmore allowed herself a treat.
Despite a tumultuous period on and off the pitch, Barcelona is now the most valuable soccer club in the world, according to Forbes.
Prince Philip, the late husband to the UK's Queen Elizabeth II, will be laid to rest on Saturday next week, in a ceremony that will be colorful and steeped in tradition, but low key by royal standards. 
After winning the Masters, cameras were naturally trained on a visibly emotional Hideki Matsuyama as he took in the magnitude of his triumph.
Cruz Hewitt, son of former tennis world No. 1 Lleyton, is proving he's a chip off the old block after winning an Australian Under-12s clay court tournament.
Colombian pro football team Águilas Doradas fielded only seven players on Sunday for a regular match in the country's Division Mayor top league due to a Covid-19 outbreak in the squad.
One person was killed and one critically injured in a targeted shooting outside a Paris hospital on Monday, the city prosecutor's office told CNN.
Britain's Prince Harry has paid tribute to his grandfather Prince Philip, describing him as "a man of service, honour and great humour," after flying back to the United Kingdom ahead of the funeral on Saturday. 
Tottenham Hotspur has condemned the "abhorrent" online abuse directed at star player Son Heung-Min after the side's 3-1 Premier League defeat by Manchester United on Sunday. 
"Unbelievable" is the word that one of Jamal Musiala's former coaches continually uses to describe the 18-year-old, who is fast developing into one of Europe's most exciting talents. 
Hideki Matsuyama put together two brilliant closing rounds at the Augusta National to win the 2021 Masters. 
Real Madrid weathered bitter winds and driving rain to defeat Barcelona 2-1 in an action-packed El Clasico on Saturday.
Queen Elizabeth II has described being left with a "huge void in her life" after her husband Prince Philip's death, their son Prince Andrew said Sunday. 
Trinity Rodman, the daughter of former NBA star Dennis Rodman, marked her professional soccer debut with a goal on Saturday, although her Washington Spirit side were beaten 3-2 by North Carolina Courage in the National Women's Soccer League.
In what is known as "moving day" in golf's majors, the third day of the Masters lived up to that billing with plenty of changes in the leaderboard.
Read CNN's Fast Fact on Great Britain's Prince Philip (Duke of Edinburgh), husband of Queen Elizabeth II and the great-great grandchild of Queen Victoria.
The Masters is normally associated with its pristine course, the perfect foliage and the immaculate outfits. 
The film 'Happy Gilmore' is a touchstone for so many golf and film fans. 
Things have been going relatively well for Boris Johnson of late.  
Two goals from Stuart Dallas saw Leeds United secure an unlikely 2-1 victory against Premier League leader Manchester City, despite having captain Liam Cooper sent off in the first half.
Rachael Blackmore made history on Saturday by becoming the first female jockey to win the Grand National with victory on Minella Times.
Just as things were heating up and the leaderboard was getting congested, play has been suspended during the third round of the Masters due to inclement weather. 
For many Britons, the defining characteristic of Prince Philip was not his public service or his royal standing, but his propensity to make unscripted, off-the-cuff and sometimes wildly inappropriate comments.
Jordan Spieth, Justin Thomas, Bryson DeChambeau -- these former major winners used the second day of the Masters to make their move up the leaderboard. 
The death of Prince Philip, the husband of Queen Elizabeth II, on Friday has set in motion a carefully orchestrated, days-long event that will culminate with his funeral.
Thirty years ago, the Royal Commission found Indigenous people weren't dying at a higher rate than non-Indigenous people, but those who died in custody were the victims of gross over-representation in the justice system. That's still the case today.
All amateur golfers have been there: Hit a bad shot or miss a putt and you want to slam your club to the ground in frustration. 
Pitcher Joe Musgrove tossed the first no-hitter in Padres franchise history on Friday night, as San Diego defeated the Texas Rangers 3-0 at Globe Life Field in Arlington, Texas.
For over a week, riots have marred the streets across five cities and towns in Northern Ireland. Cars and a bus have been hijacked and burned, young people have thrown petrol bombs at police, and at least 74 officers have been injured.
Prince Philip's death will change how the monarchy operates. 
The White House joined Northern Irish, British and Irish leaders on Thursday, expressing concern as parts of Northern Ireland experienced a week of violence as unionists and nationalists clashed with police and each other. 
A series of legal loopholes that prevent Australia's public servants -- including politicians and judges -- from being prosecuted for sexual harassment look like they are finally about to be closed following nearly 40 years on the statute books.
The most famous family on earth is mourning the loss of its patriarch. Prince Philip, the husband of British monarch Queen Elizabeth II, has died, Buckingham Palace has announced. He was 99.
Mexican golfer Abraham Ancer says he is "gutted" after having a two-stroke penalty assessed for an unintentional bunker error in the first round of the Masters. 
Donovan Mitchell scored a game high 37 as the Western Conference leading Utah Jazz broke a two-game losing streak, beating the Portland Trail Blazers 122-103 on Thursday night in Salt Lake City. 
For an army given to masking its moves, surely the worst way to disguise a potential imminent invasion of a country is by overtly preparing for it.
Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson has handed control of his social media channels over to an anti-cyberbullying charity due to continuing online racist abuse.
Justin Rose raced into a four-shot lead at the Masters thanks to a superb back nine that saw him finish the day seven-under par.  
He has already sampled the life of a singer at Italy's Sanremo music festival, and AC Milan striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic will now turn his hand to acting after being cast in a new Asterix and Obelix film.
Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, said Britain's Prince Philip would be "greatly missed" in a statement following the news of the death of Harry's grandfather on Friday.
Prince Philip, the lifelong companion of Queen Elizabeth II and the longest-serving consort in British history, died at the age of 99 on Friday. 
As Tiger Woods walked onto the 18th green at the 2001 Masters, throngs of fans were in hot pursuit to catch a glimpse of the golfer and all cameras were pointed at the then 25-year-old, who was on the precipice of etching his name into golf history.
Parents' attendance at sporting events is normally for supportive measures. 
La Liga has found no evidence that Cádiz's Juan Cala insulted Valencia's Mouctar Diakhaby "in the alleged terms" during Sunday's top-flight encounter. 
He was having a poor opening round of the Masters, but in one fell swoop, that all changed for Tommy Fleetwood. 
Myanmar's ambassador to the UK said he had been locked out of the London embassy in what he described as another "coup," blaming the country's military.
Like many of its global counterparts, the United Kingdom is in desperate need of a China strategy.  
This year's French Open tennis tournament has been postponed by a week due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the French Tennis Federation (FFT) announced on Thursday.
PSG defeated Bayern Munich 3-2 in a thrilling, end-to-end Champions League encounter on Wednesday thanks to two goals from star striker Kylian Mbappe.
Hungary's Minister of Foreign Affairs has questioned the European Union's "freedom of expression" after a Hungarian goalkeeping coach was sacked by his German club over homophobic and xenophobic comments.
 After thinking hard about hanging on another year to compete at the Covid-19 delayed Tokyo Olympics, four-time gold medalist gymnast Simone Biles said on Wednesday she just might stick around for another three years for the 2024 Paris Summer Games.
The governor of Japan's western region of Osaka has canceled the upcoming public Olympic torch event amid a surge in Covid-19 cases.  
Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan's meeting on Tuesday with the European Union's two presidents has raised eyebrows after European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen appeared to be left standing while her male counterparts settled into two gilded chairs at the focal point of the room. 
Read CNN's Fast Facts about Dominique Strauss-Kahn, former International Monetary Fund Director. 
The United Kingdom has unveiled a £43 million ($59 million) fund to support Hong Kongers emigrating to the country under a new scheme for holders of British National (Overseas) passports.
Jailed Russian opposition leader Alexey Navalny is continuing his hunger strike despite having a high temperature and a bad cough, according to a post shared by his team on his official Instagram account.
With golf's prestigious Masters tournament set to begin at its historic home of Augusta, Georgia, later this week, some of the sport's biggest names have spoken out against the state's new restrictive voting law.
With Team USA's Olympic trials around the corner, 100-meter hurdler Dawn Harper-Nelson has enlisted the help of a new assistant coach -- although not the kind you might expect.
Santos forward Angelo Gabriel became the youngest goalscorer in Copa Libertadores history on Tuesday as he scored his side's final goal in a 3-1 victory against San Lorenzo. 
Australia's longest-running soap, "Neighbours," is embroiled in a racism scandal after an Aboriginal actress said she was abused by cast and crew members, heard the N-word multiple times and confronted an actor over a "monkey" epithet while working on the show.
Real Madrid overpowered Liverpool 3-1 in the first leg of the sides' Champions League quarterfinal on Tuesday, while Borussia Dortmund was left frustrated by a disallowed goal in its 2-1 defeat to Manchester City. 
Besides the green jacket, the adulation and the acclaim, one of the greatest honors for a Masters winner is putting on a spread for his fellow champions at the next year's tournament. 
A pediatric trial of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine has been paused pending a review by the UK's medicines regulator of rare blood clot cases in adults, a University of Oxford spokesperson told CNN Tuesday.
We could be set for one of the most thrilling La Liga finales in history, after Ousmane Dembele's injury-time goal gave Barcelona a narrow 1-0 win over Valladolid on Monday and moved the Catalan club to within a point of league leader Atletico Madrid.
Cádiz defender Juan Cala has vehemently denied racially abusing Valencia's Mouctar Diakhaby during Sunday's La Liga encounter, saying that he has been involved in "a public lynching."
Russian President Vladimir Putin considers the presence of Russian troops in the Arctic an "absolutely necessary" part of military development, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Tuesday.
Police in Belgium say they have seized almost 28 tons of cocaine with a street value of 1.4 billion euros ($1.65 billion) after gaining access to an encrypted phone network used by criminals.
North Korea has reportedly decided drop out of the forthcoming Tokyo Olympics due to concerns its athletes could contract coronavirus.  
With golf's Masters tournament getting underway this week, the sight of patrons returning to Augusta National is a sure sign that parts of the sporting world are slowly returning to normal. 
Rebecca Welch made history on Monday as she became the first appointed female referee to take charge of an English Football League (EFL) game.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed a law paving the way for him to run for two more presidential terms, potentially extending his rule until 2036. 
Many footballers are unsure of their calling once they hang up their boots and Otto Addo was no different.
Bryson DeChambeau has muscled his way to becoming a major winner, and he's now hoping it'll bring him success at golf's most famous competition. 
Violent clashes in Northern Ireland erupted over the weekend amid increasing tensions in a region historically plagued with sectarian violence. 
Jordan Spieth said he was grateful to see the back of some "tough days" after claiming his first victory in nearly four years at the Valero Texas Open on Sunday.
Thailand's Patty Tavatanakit held her nerve to hold off the surging Lydia Ko to win her first major at the ANA Inspiration on Sunday.
Japanese swimming star Rikako Ikee defied the odds and secured an Olympics berth after the leukemia survivor won the women's 100-meter butterfly at the national championships on Sunday, less than eight months after she returned to competition.
Until recently, most Australians didn't know anything about the journey that took 13 Aboriginal cricketers from farmsteads in Victoria to England in 1868 -- making them Australia's first sporting team to play overseas.
Steph Curry will auction off a pair of custom-designed sneakers to raise money for the families of the victims of last month's Atlanta-area spa shootings.
Russia is amassing unprecedented military might in the Arctic and testing its newest weapons in a region freshly ice-free due to the climate emergency, in a bid to secure its northern coast and open up a key shipping route from Asia to Europe.
Valencia's La Liga match against Cádiz on Sunday was temporarily suspended after Valencia walked off the pitch in protest of alleged racist abuse directed at one of its players.
"Two basic rules of government: Never look into anything you don't have to. And never set up an inquiry unless you know in advance what its findings will be." The words are from "Yes Minister," a 1980s television satire about the dysfunction of British politics, but they could equally apply to the Westminster of today.  
David P. was a 42-year-old gay man living in Beveren, Belgium. He worked as a crane operator, was loved by his family and friends and, a few weeks ago, he was found dead in an abandoned park.
Pope Francis condemned "scandalous" armed conflicts around the world, naming Myanmar and Tigray among other areas, during his Easter Sunday mass.
Gonzaga will play for the NCAA men's basketball title after winning in overtime on Saturday against UCLA with a last-second shot.
These are unusual times for the Copa del Rey (King's Cup), which is Spanish football's leading knockout competition.
The UK government plans to trial Covid-19 passports at snooker tournaments, comedy clubs and football games over the coming weeks, it said Saturday. 
Easter Sunday will be extra special for Inter Milan this year as it follows what may well be remembered as the day they sealed their first Serie A title in 11 years.
It's official! Elina Svitolina and Gael Monfils are engaged after the tennis power couple announced the news on social media.
A small boy strolled up to Pope Francis during his Good Friday service, in a surprising exchange at St. Peter's Square at the Vatican.
The contest for the Premier League's Champions League qualification places got a whole lot more interesting on Saturday after 10-man Chelsea were surprisingly beaten 5-2 at home by relegation-threatened West Bromwich Albion.
Paris Saint-Germain's Brazilian star Neymar sent off late on Saturday as the Ligue 1 champion's hopes of claiming a fourth successive league title were dented by Lille.
Destroyed. Humiliated. As defeats go this was about as bad it gets.
Nine years after being assaulted by a boy she alleges was a student at Eton College, Zan Moon can still remember the moment as if it was yesterday.
Europe's lackluster vaccination program has presented one of the continent's greatest foes with a golden opportunity to score a serious diplomatic victory. 
In the first pandemic-enforced lockdown in the United Kingdom, current West Ham manager David Moyes returned home to the Lancashire village in which his family lives, taking the opportunity to help out in the community, delivering fruit and vegetables for a local shop. 
Australian Olympic kayaker Nathan Baggaley and his brother Dru have been found guilty of trying to smuggle hundreds of kilograms of cocaine valued at more than $150 million into the country in 2018, CNN affiliate Nine News reported.
Italy's government has passed a decree making vaccination mandatory for all healthcare and pharmacy workers with the aim of protecting medical staff, patients and vulnerable people. 
Hungary has recorded its deadliest day of the pandemic so far, struggling to contain the latest surge of new coronavirus cases even as its vaccine rollout speeds up.
The choice of engagement sent a message amid the latest family tumult.
Brooklyn Nets superstar Kevin Durant has apologized to the public for the language he directed at actor and comedian Michael Rapaport in a heated social media exchange publicized earlier this week. 
Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar says he has been hospitalized "as a matter of abundant precaution," just days after testing positive for Covid-19.
Australia's most populous state has closed out its quietest fire season in a decade, its fire service said, as the coolest and wettest summer in years offered a reprieve from the uncontrolled blazes that torched large swathes of the country in 2019 and 2020.
The rollout of vaccines in Europe is "unacceptably slow," the World Health Organization said Wednesday, delivering a damning evaluation on the region's Covid response, amid a "worrying" surge in infections.
North Macedonia shocked Germany at home with a 2-1 World Cup qualifying win that will surely go down as the most memorable of their international football history. 
A London jury has convicted a British police officer of being a member of a banned neo-Nazi group.
Russian opposition figure Alexey Navalny says he is going on a hunger strike to protest against prison officials' refusal to grant him access to proper medical care, in a post shared by his team on his official Instagram page on Wednesday. 
Could there be the unlikeliest of joint hosts for the 2032 Olympics Games?
The cause of Tiger Woods' crash in February has been determined, according to Los Angeles County Sheriff Alex Villanueva, but details of the investigation will not be made public until the golf legend gives his permission.  
Archaeologists have discovered 17 decapitated bodies at three Roman cemeteries in Cambridgeshire, eastern England -- an "exceptionally high' number which experts think were the result of judicial executions.
Tennis star Naomi Osaka was fined $15,000 for not talking to the media after her straight set victory at the French Open on Sunday, Roland Garros announced in a statement.
In the end, it was the result no Manchester United fan wanted. 
Tennis star Naomi Osaka said Monday she is withdrawing from the French Open after refusing to speak to the media at the grand slam. 
The Aussie Spirit, the Australian women's softball team, will be among the first athletes to arrive in Japan for the Tokyo Olympics after leaving Sydney on Monday.
Two-time French Open finalist Dominic Thiem was eliminated in the first round of this year's tournament by Spain's Pablo Andújar -- 6-4, 7-5, 3-6, 4-6, 4-6 -- on Sunday, marking the first major upset of the clay court grand slam.  
Brooklyn Nets guard Kyrie Irving says some fans are treating players like "they're in a human zoo" after a spectator was arrested for throwing a water bottle at the NBA star on Sunday. 
Atlanta Braves outfielder Marcell Ozuna was arrested Saturday after police in an Atlanta suburb responded to a report of an assault and saw him grabbing a woman by the neck and throwing her against a wall.
French Open officials just unveiled a statue of Rafael Nadal at Roland Garros, where he begins defense of his title this week. It's just the latest of many artistic renderings of the Spanish tennis star.
Manchester City stars Raheem Sterling and Kyle Walker both received racist messages on Instagram after losing 1-0 to Chelsea in the Champions League final on Saturday. 
By now, Simone Biles was supposed to be retired at the ripe old age of 24. That plan went awry. So instead, she's performing some of the most difficult and dangerous feats ever attempted in gymnastics.
The chilling story of a Belarusian dissident being plucked from the sky while traveling on a passenger jet over the country's airspace sent a message to other opponents of President Alexander Lukashenko: you're not safe anywhere.    
Jason Dupasquier, a 19-year-old Swiss Moto3 rider, has died after being involved in a serious crash during Saturday's qualifying session at the Italian Grand Prix, MotoGP announced on Sunday.
Forget finding a needle in a haystack, how about finding an engagement ring at the bottom of England's largest lake?
The Duchess of Cambridge has joined the millions of Britons who have received their first dose of the coronavirus vaccine.
Chelsea clinched the Champions League title on Saturday after beating Manchester City 1-0 in the all-English final. 
London police have charged an 18-year-old man over the shooting of prominent Black Lives Matter activist Sasha Johnson, who remained in critical condition on Friday.
London's Metropolitan Police seized £5 million ($7 million) in cash -- the largest amount ever taken by the capital's police force -- after police noticed a man struggling to carry bags stashed full of money.
It's safe to say there might not have been many more popular major winners than Phil Mickelson. 
Police in the United Kingdom uncovered a cryptocurrency mine powered by stolen electricity during a raid of what they suspected was a cannabis farm. 
For Rebecca Rusch, the danger of losing her fingers and toes to Iceland's hostile landscape compelled her to take on one of her most challenging expeditions to-date -- a 327-mile biking trail and 25,600 vertical-foot climb across Iceland's snowfields and glaciers.

Former U.S. President Barack Obama has praised England forward Marcus Rashford for his work tackling child food poverty and the two discussed by video call how young people can make an impact on society.
Russian President Vladimir Putin cemented his support of Belarusian president Alexander Lukashenko in a meeting on Friday, saying that the West's reaction to the interception and forced landing of a passenger jet "was an outburst of emotion."
The Duke of Sussex's new media strategy seems to be paying off
Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Roger Federer are all in the same half of the draw at this year's French Open, creating the possibility of some mouth-watering matches before the final.
As well as being a superstar for Manchester United and England, Marcus Rashford is using his platform to help others less fortunate than him. 
It was January 26, 2018 when Raven Saunders hit rock bottom. 
Naomi Osaka, a four-time major champion and the No. 2-ranked women's tennis player in the world, announced on Twitter and Instagram that she will not be participating in press conferences during the French Open.
Zinedine Zidane has stepped down as the manager of Real Madrid with immediate effect for the second time in his career. 
Japan's government will decide Friday whether to extend a state of emergency across much of the country, nearly two months before the planned start of the delayed Tokyo Summer Olympics.
Two major cultural institutions in Britain have obtained renowned physicist Stephen Hawking's office and archive in a £4.2 million ($5.9 million) deal on behalf of the country. 
First, there was Kamaru Usman. Then came Israel Adesanya. And, most recently, it has been Francis Ngannou.
More planes are being diverted or canceled due to aviation bans over Belarusian airspace as the European Union mulls fresh sanctions on the country over what has been described as a state-sanctioned hijacking.
The European Union has a China problem. The bloc, for financial and strategic reasons, wants to build strong economic ties with Beijing that bolster Brussels' desire to be a serious player on the world stage as the leading light of Western values.
Forward Marcus Rashford has said he has received "at least 70 racial slurs" on social media following Manchester United's Europa League defeat to Villarreal on Wednesday. 
Ahead of unquestionably the biggest game in the club's history, Manchester City's players seem calm and composed.
London police have arrested five men on suspicion of attempted murder in connection with the shooting of prominent Black Lives Matter activist Sasha Johnson. 
Villarreal won its first major European trophy after defeating Manchester United in a marathon penalty shootout in the UEFA Europa League final. 
UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against Real Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus after the teams' involvement in the European Super League. 
As a young boy, South African surfer Avo Ndamase always knew that his future lay with the ocean. 
Four young adults in France have been found guilty of "public insult of racist nature and incitement to commit a crime" by a Paris court for publishing anti-Asian tweets blaming Chinese people for the spread of coronavirus. 
In the year since George Floyd's death, athletes across a range of sports have persistently shone a light on racial injustice.
The man who served as Boris Johnson's most senior adviser at the height of the coronavirus pandemic has apologized publicly for the UK government's response to the crisis, which he has said fell "disastrously short" of what the public should expect. 
As European airlines suspend the flights to Belarus that once offered one of the few exit routes out of an oppressive state already in the grip of closed land borders, many Belarusians fear the return of a Soviet-style Iron Curtain around their country.
Sofia Sapega, the Russian student arrested alongside a Belarusian dissident journalist Roman Protasevich, appeared in a 'confession' video overnight while in detention in Minsk that was likely made under duress. 
Italian officials have arrested three people on manslaughter charges over a fatal cable car accident in northern Italy Sunday which left 14 people dead.
A drug dealer whose fingerprints were analyzed by police when he shared a photo of his hand holding a block of cheese has been sentenced to 13 years and six months in prison.
British Black Lives Matter activist Sasha Johnson is in critical condition after being shot in the head in London, according to her political party.
Police forces across the European Union have been accused of illegal "ethnic profiling" and discrimination after a survey found they were disproportionately stopping and searching members of various ethnic, religious and other minority groups. 
Connecticut Sun head coach and general manager Curt Miller has been fined $10,000 and suspended for one game after making a comment to a game official regarding Liz Cambage of the Las Vegas Aces, the WNBA said Monday. 
Dissident journalist Roman Protasevich has appeared in a new video after his arrest by Belarusian authorities on Sunday, following the government's extraordinary diversion of his Ryanair flight to capital city Minsk. The video -- the first since Protasevich's arrest -- comes amid mounting fears for his safety and widespread fury over the diversion of a European commercial flight. 
Archaeologists have recovered the bodies of victims of former Spanish dictator General Francisco Franco who were executed and buried at a cemetery in central Spain.
She's a global icon and a superstar cricketer who's no stranger to record-breaking exploits, yet there's one piece of advice Ellyse Perry always insists on keeping close to heart.
A blind man has had his vision partially restored using optogenetic therapy and engineered goggles -- the first successful case of such therapy in humans. 
International Olympic Committee member Dick Pound says he believes the Olympic Games will go ahead this year and says the option of canceling the event is "essentially off the table." 
It isn't the end. It's just the beginning. 
London police released new details Tuesday about a shooting that left British Black Lives Matter activist Sasha Johnson fighting for her life in hospital, saying Johnson was shot by a group of four men at a party but that it did not appear to be a targeted attack. 
Lille's 2-1 victory over Angers on Sunday secured arguably the most unlikely league title in European football this season, as the French club beat powerhouse Paris Saint-Germain to the Ligue 1 trophy by a single point.
At least 14 people died in a cable car accident in northern Italy on Sunday, officials said. 
The man tasked with keeping Phil Mickelson in check as the pressure ramped up on a major championship Sunday has had years of experience with him. 
Phil Mickelson minted golf history on Sunday, becoming the oldest winner of a major tournament with his victory at the 2021 PGA Championship. 
Italian investigators have launched a multiple manslaughter investigation after 14 people were killed in a cable car accident in northern Italy, prosecutors said Monday. 
For most passengers on board Ryanair flight 4978 from Greece to Lithuania on Sunday, the news that the plane would instead touch down in the capital of Belarus represented an inconvenience.
English Premier League side Wolverhampton Wanderers has apologized to former Manchester United and England defender Rio Ferdinand after police arrested a man for racially abusing him during a match on Sunday. 
Ryanair flight 4978 was about to begin its descent to Vilnius in Lithuania on Sunday when it suddenly changed direction after a "security alert," turning sharply east and descending towards the capital of Belarus, Minsk. 
Max Mosley, the former president of motorsport's world governing body, FIA, has died at the age of 81, an FIA spokesperson told CNN on Monday.
She wears dozens of butterfly clips in her hair -- each unique in size and color. Her clothes and table tennis paddle case are decorated with vibrant butterfly wing designs. Her wheelchair is lined with butterfly stickers. Even her nails pay homage to the insect, sparkling like butterfly wings. 
JuJu Smith-Schuster has had to deal with his fair share of online haters. 
Max Verstappen produced an assured performance at the Monaco Grand Prix to move to the top of the Formula One drivers' championship standings for the first time in his career. 
Raman Pratasevich, a leading Belarusian opposition activist whose name is also spelled Roman Protasevich, has been arrested in Belarus after President Alexander Lukashenko ordered a fighter jet to escort his Ryanair plane to Minsk, according to Pull Pervogo, Belarusian state broadcaster.  
We've all been there: You think you've picked out the best club for the shot, you think you've judged the conditions perfectly and you prepare like you would any other shot. 
Veteran journalist Martin Bashir has said he "never wanted to harm" Diana, Princess of Wales, with his now disgraced BBC Panorama interview, telling the Sunday Times newspaper, "I don't believe we did."
Britain's Queen Elizabeth visited the country's new aircraft carrier on Saturday, giving the UK's biggest warship a royal sendoff before it leads a flotilla of British, US and Dutch ships to Asian waters on its maiden operational voyage.
He would've liked to have done it earlier in the day, but eventually, Robert Lewandowski was a history maker. 
With fans back at the majors, players are looking to entertain after so long without them. 
Sixteen years after winning his PGA Championship title, Phil Mickelson is roaring back -- with a chance at history. 
He ended up on the beach, but Shane Lowry was looking for his ball rather than where he put his towel and flip-flops. 
After a drama-filled final day of the La Liga season, Atletico Madrid was eventually crowned champion for the first time since 2014. 
He might be one of the older statesman at the PGA Championship, but Phil Mickelson is showing he's no slouch. 
Zookeepers have fatally shot two brown bears that escaped their enclosure and attacked a boar in a neighboring enclosure at a zoo in England. 
As political dramas go, this has the potential to be a box office hit: On Wednesday Boris Johnson's top aide-turned-nemesis, Dominic Cummings, is expected to reveal everything he knows about the UK government's far from flawless handling of Covid-19.  
Canada's Corey Conners tamed a windswept Ocean course on Thursday, carding the round of the day to lead by two shots after the opening of the PGA Championship, with former winners Brooks Koepka and Keegan Bradley giving chase.
"The only good mouse is a dead mouse," Australia's deputy prime minister declared this week, as New South Wales stepped up its war on mice with a plan to poison the plague infesting large parts of the state.
Seven medical professionals in Argentina have been charged with homicide over the death of soccer legend Diego Maradona.
The 2021 Copa América will no longer feature games in co-host Colombia after CONMEBOL, the South American football confederation, announced on Thursday it would move games away from the country. 
Her family did not hold back in condemning the methods used to secure the 1995 interview. 
The Russian military plane touched down in heavy wind and light snow, then slid across the icy tarmac.  
Y.E. Yang, the man who overcame a two-shot deficit in 2009 to beat Tiger Woods at the PGA Championship, has been disqualified from this year's edition of the major. 
Larissa Iapichino's face said it all: hands on her head and mouth agape, it was the look of someone who could scarcely believe what she had just achieved.  
Oxford University's Oriel College has backtracked on its plans to bring down a controversial statue of colonialist Cecil Rhodes, deciding its removal would be too complicated and costly, dashing the hopes of students who protested the monument last year.
The NFL's Jacksonville Jaguars have signed former University of Florida quarterback Tim Tebow, the team announced on Thursday.
LeBron James hit a game-winning shot with 58 seconds left on the clock as the LA Lakers beat the Golden State Warriors 103-100 to advance to the Western Conference playoffs. 
It was a rubbish tee shot, wasn't it? 
If only for a brief moment, John Daly was back on top.
German firm TUV Rheinland was negligent in awarding safety certificates to a French company which made faulty breast implants, a Paris court ruled, a decision advocacy groups said paved the way for thousands of women worldwide to seek damages.
Authorities in Belgium are still hunting for a far-right extremist who had threatened one of the country's top doctors and had a rocket launcher in his car.  
After what has been a difficult season, Juventus did at least give its fans something to cheer about with a 2-1 victory over Atalanta in the Coppa Italia final.
With a little over two months until the start of the Tokyo Olympics, the possibility of a cancellation looms large over the Games.
Karim Benzema has been recalled to the French national team for the first time in almost six years for the upcoming European Championships.
New York Liberty point guard Sabrina Ionescu tallied 26 points, 12 assists and 10 rebounds to record her first career triple-double in Tuesday's 86-75 win over the Minnesota Lynx in the Women's National Basketball Association.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams may be able to boast 43 grand slam singles titles between them but both were left stunned by defeats within hours of each other on Tuesday. 
Less than 10 weeks out from the postponed start to the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, organizers have promised athletes they are doing everything they can to ensure the Games take place safely.
At least 6,000 people, including around 1,500 minors, swam from Morocco to the bordering Spanish enclave of Ceuta on Monday in the largest influx of illegal migration there in a single day, Spanish authorities said.
Hundreds of thousands of people have lost their lives across Europe due to Covid-19, and many more have suffered long-term ill health after contracting the disease. They're not the only casualties of the pandemic. 
Australians who waited months to escape India as coronavirus spread through the country say they lost a place on a repatriation flight provided by their government due to faulty Covid-19 testing. 
Police in the UK will carry out excavation work at a café linked to infamous serial killer Fred West after reports of "possible evidence" that a body is buried there.
Venus Williams received some unwanted divine intervention during Monday's defeat to Anna Karolina Schmiedlova, after she was given a time violation while waiting for heavy winds to die down before serving.
A surfer has died after a suspected shark attack at a popular beach in New South Wales (NSW), Australia.
He might not be sponsored by Nike anymore, but US distance runner Mason Ferlic is still rocking their shoes. 
While many Japanese towns and cities that signed up to host Olympic teams have been forced to rethink their plans due to the ongoing pandemic, Maebashi is an exception. 
A big money heavyweight fight between British champion Tyson Fury and compatriot Anthony Joshua was thrown into doubt on Monday after an American arbitrator ordered Fury to face American Deontay Wilder, according to media reports.
The French rugby federation (FFR) has voted unanimously in favor of allowing transgender women to play women's rugby as of next season. 
Anorexia. Depression. Loneliness. If motor racing requires a high level of endurance, then Charlie Martin is well versed in navigating life's twists and turns -- on and off the track.
Atlético Madrid completed a stunning late comeback against Osasuna to move within touching distance of a first La Liga title since 2014.
Steph Curry clinched the second NBA scoring title of his career after tallying a game-high 46 points in the Golden State Warriors' 113-101 win over the Memphis Grizzlies on Sunday. 
World Athletics president Seb Coe says he is confident the Tokyo Olympics can be held in a safe way, despite growing calls for the Games to be canceled. 
Despite protests from the public, skepticism from stakeholders and an ongoing state of emergency in Tokyo and other prefectures, organizers maintain that the Olympics will still go ahead later this year. 
Liverpool goalkeeper Alisson swapped saving goals for scoring one as his stunning stoppage-time header helped Liverpool defeat West Bromwich Albion 2-1 on Sunday. 
Barcelona scored four first-half goals to defeat Chelsea 4-0 and capture the Women's Champions League on Sunday for the first time. 
Kobe Bryant was officially inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame as part of the Class of 2020 along with eight other players.
Tennis great Roger Federer has called on Olympic organizers to end the uncertainty around the Tokyo Games, with the 20-time grand slam winner saying he was still in two minds whether to compete.
Chelsea manager Emma Hayes says winning the club's first Women's Champions League would be an "incredible achievement," but insists success is also about inspiring the next generation of young girls. 
Robert Lewandowski equaled the Bundesliga record of 40 goals in a season during Bayern Munich's 2-2 draw against SC Freiburg.
NBA legend Michael Jordan has shared his final text conversation with the late, great Kobe Bryant. 
Leicester City won the FA Cup for the first time thanks to a sensational strike from Youri Tielemans as a dramatic, late video assistant referee decision denied Chelsea an equalizer at Wembley Stadium on Saturday.
Sabrina Ionescu had a dream that this was coming.
Boris Johnson's having a pretty great spring. The success of the UK Prime Minister's coronavirus rollout coupled with the fast-approaching end of lockdown undoubtedly played a significant role in his Conservative party exceeding expectations at local elections last week.  
The single-dose Johnson & Johnson vaccine was 72% effective against Covid-19 among US trial participants and 85% effective against severe Covid-19. But even if you get Covid-19 after being vaccinated, your symptoms will likely be far less severe.
It's literally the centerpiece of this week's events, but did you know only three people can touch it?
After postponing the original fixture between Manchester United and Liverpool with their protests, United fans once again voiced their opposition to the club's owners on Thursday at the rearranged fixture between the two Premier League rivals. 
Prince Harry has said he was caught in a cycle of "pain and suffering" in the British royal family and hinted that he is heavily critical of the way his father, Prince Charles, raised him, in a lengthy and personal new interview.
A petition calling for the cancellation of the Tokyo Olympics which garnered 350,000 signatures in nine days was submitted to organizers on Friday, reflecting growing public opposition to the event as a fourth wave of Covid-19 infections sweeps Japan.
Prime Minister Boris Johnson admitted Thursday that his government was "anxious" about the coronavirus variant first identified in India, as the number of UK cases of the strain more than doubled in a week.  
A "dangerous and predatory" former English National Ballet principal dancer has been found guilty of sexually assaulting his teenage students.
Toyota, one of the leading sponsors of this year's Olympic and Paralympic Games, says it's "concerned" with the amount of public frustration being directed at athletes ahead of the spectacle. 
Players and staff from Colombian side Junior and Argentina's River Plate were left rubbing their eyes in discomfort after police fired tear gas at protesters outside the stadium ahead of their Copa Libertadores match in Barranquilla on Wednesday.
Despite the coronavirus pandemic curtailing sports leagues and forcing athletes to go on hiatus for much of 2020, the combined earnings of 2021's top 10 highest paid sports stars fell just short of the all-time record set in 2018.
The Champions League final between Manchester City and Chelsea is to be played in Porto instead of Istanbul, European football's governing body UEFA said on Thursday.
On the court, six-time NBA champion and basketball Hall of Famer Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was famous for the goggles he used to play in.
It's a tweet that's received 265,000 likes, been retweeted more than 88,000 times and prompted almost 12,000 comments.
Two dead endangered whales were dislodged from the hull of an Australian destroyer after the warship docked in San Diego last weekend, according to the Royal Australian Navy.
Britain has agreed to a prisoner transfer of ex-Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadžić, convicted of the Srebrenica genocide, to a UK prison to serve the rest of his sentence, a statement from the British Foreign Office said on Wednesday.
In 1998, two years after Nedum Onuoha joined Manchester City's academy, the club he supported was relegated to the third tier of English football. 
Throughout his time as UK Prime Minister, Boris Johnson has tried to distance himself from the insinuation that he is the British equivalent of Donald Trump, a comparison that the former US President himself was keen to make.
The year was 2002. The Euro became the official currency for most countries in the European Union, Queen Elizabeth II celebrated her Golden Jubilee and Brazil won the World Cup with two goals from Ronaldo -- O Fenômeno -- in the final against Germany.
Additional testing is planned after Kentucky Derby winner Medina Spirit failed a postrace drug test, throwing the horse's victory at Churchill Downs earlier this month into doubt.
Russell Westbrook of the Washington Wizards has notched his 182nd career NBA triple-double, breaking Hall of Famer Oscar Robertson's record for the most in league history.
2021 has thrown up plenty of surprises already and the latest could be the most shocking: Tim Tebow could soon be back in the NFL. 
The Catholic Church has lost touch with the "living reality" of LGBT+ people, said one of more than 100 German priests who are defying the Vatican this week by blessing same-sex couples.
Detainees at an immigration center in Australia spent five months digging an escape tunnel hidden beneath a chest of drawers in one of their rooms, a source within the country's immigration system told CNN.
It's a country that takes the issue of equality seriously, and now the top division of women's football in Finland -- the National League -- is to offer hijabs to any player that wants one. 
The Scottish National Party is promising to hold a second independence referendum after election results announced Saturday saw pro-independence candidates gain a majority in the Scottish parliament.
Manchester City can finally celebrate becoming the new English Premier League champion after fierce rivals Manchester United lost to Leicester City 2-1 on Tuesday. 
Queen Elizabeth II carried out her first major engagement since the funeral of her husband Prince Philip on Tuesday, unveiling the UK government's legislative agenda and confirming plans to ban LGBTQ conversion therapy in a formal ceremony at the Houses of Parliament.
A tweet by a top Japanese government adviser downplaying the pandemic and laughing off calls for the Olympics to be canceled is drawing public ire a few days after Japan extended a state of emergency in Tokyo and three other areas until the end of May.
How the Epsom Derby grew into Britain's richest race and a sporting and cultural spectacle.
Former Manchester City star Nedum Onuoha says social media companies have been doing the "bare minimum" to protect players from online racist abuse.
A 23-year-old woman who was mistakenly given six doses of the Pfizer BioNTech Covid-19 vaccine has been discharged from the hospital where she was being monitored for any adverse reaction.
Take a ramshackle group of racing misfits and some wildly inappropriate machinery, add a couple of finely honed professional athletes and what do you get?  The answer is the King of the Baggers. 
Cast an eye over the candidates hoping to succeed Angela Merkel as German Chancellor, and one of the phrases most often used by political pundits describing the Green party's nominee Annalena Baerbock is: "A breath of fresh air."
Seven children were killed and at least 16 people injured on Tuesday after a gunman opened fire in a school in the Russian city of Kazan, according to the country's National Anti-Terrorism Committee.
Seattle Seahawks' wide receiver DK Metcalf's speed went viral last season when he ran the full length of the pitch to catch an opponent during an NFL game, but he isn't quite quick enough for the Tokyo Olympics. 
If Kentucky Derby winner Medina Spirit ends up being disqualified for failing a postrace drug test, second-place finisher Mandaloun will inherit the title.
A young whale trapped in London's River Thames was euthanized after becoming stranded for a second time on a river embankment Monday evening.
A French pilot has filed a legal complaint for "aggravated voluntary violence" and "endangering someone's life" alleging colleagues in the French Air Force tied him to a target and ordered fighter jets to open fire around him in a "hazing ritual," his lawyer Frédéric Berna told CNN on Saturday.  
For the first time in 19 years, Cristiano Ronaldo could miss out on playing in the Champions League.
The end of Rory McIlroy's winning drought just so happened to fall on Mother's Day -- a fitting way to celebrate with his family.
A game-worn jersey belonging to Michael Jordan from his sophomore season at the University of North Carolina was sold for a record $1.38 million on Saturday at Heritage Auctions.
The former chief physician of the Siberian hospital where jailed Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny was treated immediately after his poisoning last summer has been found alive, Russian state media TASS reported on Monday.
Prince Michael of Kent, Queen Elizabeth's first cousin, said Sunday that he "has no special relationship" with Russian President Vladimir Putin after an undercover journalistic investigation claimed he and a close friend were "secretly trading on their links" with Putin for profit.
Australian basketball star Liz Cambage has threatened to boycott the Tokyo Olympics while speaking out against the lack of racial diversity in promotional photos of the Australian Olympic team. 
Hundreds of people were seen partying in several cities across Spain in the early hours of Sunday, as the country ended its 11 p.m. curfew, which was lifted in 13 of the country's 17 regions at midnight.  
You're hired! Football executive Lorna Falconer has never been on "The Apprentice," but the story of how she got a foot in the door of an industry that is notoriously difficult to enter for women, especially Black women, has echoes of the hit UK television show.
It was early in the morning when Luisa Neubauer got the call from her lawyer. She was staying at her mother's house, frantically trying to finish a book she'd been working on, so she said it took her a moment to realize what had happened. 
Saul 'Canelo' Alvarez added the WBO super-middleweight belt to his burgeoning collection, defeating Billy Joe Saunders in front of a record-breaking 73,126 crowd inside Texas' AT&T Stadium.
Lewis Hamilton and Mercedes pulled off a perfect pit stop strategy to reel in Max Verstappen's Red Bull and pass the Dutch driver with just six laps remaining of the Spanish Grand Prix.
Kentucky Derby winner Medina Spirit has tested positive for elevated levels of betamethasone, trainer Bob Baffert revealed Sunday, throwing the horse's victory last weekend at Churchill Downs into question.
What a 12 months this has been for Bayern Munich -- both on and off the pitch.
Pope Francis has backed growing calls for a patents waiver for Covid-19 vaccines in a video message for a "Vax Live" benefit concert airing Saturday. 
IndyCar Series driver Robert Wickens has experienced a lot in the past three years: a paralyzing crash in 2018, regaining strength to have his first dance at his wedding in 2019, and returning to the racetrack -- virtually -- in 2020. Now, in 2021, he has just driven a real race car for the first time since his accident.
Pitcher Wade Miley threw the first no-hitter of his MLB career as his Cincinnati Reds defeated the Cleveland Indians 3-0 on Friday night.
The Cambridges have revamped their social media.
Amnesty International has reversed its decision to strip the jailed Kremlin critic Alexey Navalny of his "prisoner of conscience" status, the human rights group said on Friday.
Germany is resisting momentum to lift patent protection for Covid-19 vaccines, saying Thursday that a US decision to support such waivers "has significant implications for vaccine production."
Romanian authorities are investigating after one of Europe's largest brown bears was allegedly shot and killed by a prince from Liechtenstein. 
European football's governing body, UEFA, says nine of the 12 founding clubs that formed the ill-fated breakaway Super League competition have recommitted to UEFA club and national team competitions. 
An online petition calling for the Tokyo Olympics to be canceled has garnered almost 200,000 signatures in the past few days, as public concerns mount over holding the Games in a pandemic.
A growing number of people are choosing a "natural" or "green burial," where a body is laid to rest without harming the environment.
If US boxing promoter Don King came to define the art of braggadocio in promoting a world title fight, then Briton Eddie Hearn has taken the art of bravado and showmanship to a whole new level in the age of social media.
The British elections that took place on Thursday were in many ways a symbolic referendum on Boris Johnson. While the results are still coming in, early signs suggest the Prime Minister can chalk this one up as a victory. 
Former Australian international rugby league player Jarryd Hayne has been jailed for five years and nine months after being found guilty of sexual assault.
There were six fights in the opening period of the New York Rangers' clash with the Washington Capitals game on Wednesday night as a controversy between the two sides rumbled on. 
Arsenal's semifinal exit to Villarreal in the Europa League was an "embarrassment" according to former captain Martin Keown. 
His music sales add up to an eye-watering number, his recent worldwide tour multiplied in size wherever it went, and he rarely divides opinion (we all love him).
Britain and France have both sent naval vessels to the Channel island of Jersey amid an escalating row over fishing rights. 
Take a glance at the British media and you'd be forgiven for thinking that the UK was preparing for war with France.  
A 31-year-old French woman was shot and burned alive by her estranged husband in broad daylight, authorities said on Thursday, in a brutal killing that has stunned the country and reignited anger over femicides.
You might gawk at Premier League footballers' million dollar salaries but playing careers are short and can sometimes be curtailed by injury, illness or poor form.
Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, have called for donations in support of Covid-19 vaccine equity throughout the world in honor of their son Archie's second birthday.
Weightlifter Laurel Hubbard is set to become the first transgender athlete to compete at an Olympics after qualifying for the rescheduled Tokyo Games due to a rule change, Inside the Games website reported on Wednesday.
Chelsea ensured it will be an all English affair in the Champions League final this season after beating Real Madrid in the semifinals on Wednesday. 
Naomi Osaka's continued excellence has been celebrated at the 2021 Laureus World Sports Awards. 
Baltimore Orioles pitcher John Means threw the third no-hitter of the 2021 MLB season Wednesday against the Seattle Mariners -- and might have thrown a perfect game but for one weird baseball rule after a strikeout.
He was once the darling of Chelsea fans, but now, Thibaut Courtois is hoping to bring nothing but frustration to his former club. 
They are the US billionaire owners of multiple sports teams, but you don't often see the likes of Arsenal's Stan Kroenke, Liverpool's John W. Henry and the Glazer family, which runs Manchester United, popping into the stadiums of their clubs to watch the teams they bought. 
The years of the Trump administration were "a difficult time" for Ukraine, the country's foreign minister told CNN Wednesday, ahead of US Secretary of State Antony Blinken's trip to Kiev.
The message from the Russians to the Ukrainian patrol was clear: Go no further. As Russian ships deploy to the Sea of Azov for what Moscow says are exercises, the Ukrainians ready their defenses.
Germany is considering new plans to give extra rights and freedoms to people who have been fully vaccinated against Covid-19.
By age 22, Rebecca Lobo had picked up a national college basketball championship, numerous player-of-the-year awards and Olympic gold at the 1996 Atlanta Games.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola praised the club's "incredible" journey after it reached the Champions League final for the first time. 
Australian and other overseas cricketers who have been participating in the Indian Premier League (IPL) are scrambling for ways to leave India as it faces the world's worst Covid-19 outbreak. 
The Indian Premier League (IPL) has been indefinitely suspended as a result of the ongoing Covid-19 crisis in India.
Boston Celtics wing Evan Fournier has compared the long-term side effects of Covid-19 to a concussion, saying he has "been feeling really weird" weeks after contracting the virus. 
World No. 1 Novak Djokovic says he hopes Covid-19 vaccines will not be mandatory for tennis players on tour. 
Two people have been arrested in Germany on suspicion of trading newborn babies, police said Monday.
Des Linden knows how to celebrate -- whether that's slurping champagne out of a running shoe or sipping a glass of well-aged bourbon. 
Jose Mourinho has been named by AS Roma as the new coach of the Serie A team.
Sapir Berman made sports history on Monday, officiating at a soccer match in Israel's Premier League for the first time since coming out as transgender.
Steph Curry became the Golden State Warriors' all-time leading scorer on 17,818 points and counting after he surpassed Wilt Chamberlain's record that had stood for 57 years.
Grace was full of hope as she entered the final stretch of high school. The 16-year-old was two years away from graduating, and she wanted to make her parents proud -- especially her father.  
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, will soon publish her first children's book -- and it is inspired by her husband Prince Harry and son Archie.
German police have arrested three people in connection with one of the world's largest platforms containing child sex abuse materials, prosecutors said Monday.
Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James reinjured his right ankle on Sunday night and his status is unclear for Monday night's game against the visiting Denver Nuggets.
A marquee English Premier League game was postponed on Sunday after hundreds of Manchester United fans, protesting against the club's US owners, invaded the pitch at its Old Trafford stadium ahead of the match against Liverpool.
Two goals from Lionel Messi helped Barcelona to a vital 3-2 victory over Valencia and stay within touching distance of the top of La Liga.
DNA extracted from cave dirt is reshaping our understanding of prehistory and could help answer some of human evolution's biggest mysteries.
After completing 50 triathlons in 50 days across all 50 US states, James Lawrence knew he could do more. 
Life isn't much fun for Boris Johnson at the moment. Despite the United Kingdom's successful Covid-19 vaccine rollout and an end to lockdown in sight, the British Prime Minister finds himself engulfed in scandals less than a week before crucial elections take place.  
It's been 11 years coming, but Inter Milan clinched its first Serie A title in over a decade on Sunday after Atalanta failed to win at Sassuolo.
The French prosecutor's department has said that there were no grounds to pursue legal claims that France bore responsibility for enabling the 1994 genocide in Rwanda.
It has been five weeks since Thierry Henry deleted his social media accounts and the former Arsenal forward has been through a range of emotions.
Diego Maradona was in agony for 12 hours and the medical team treating him was "deficient, reckless and indifferent" when faced with his possible death, according to a report from the medical board appointed to investigate his demise.
A leading Myanmar swimmer has called for the country's Olympic committee to be expelled from the Olympic Movement, saying "genocidaires do not deserve to be in the Olympics." 
Lewis Hamilton showed why he's a seven-time world champion on Sunday, claiming his 97th career victory with a win at the Portuguese Grand Prix over Red Bull's Max Verstappen and Mercedes teammate Valteri Bottas. 
At least 93 police officers were injured and 354 people arrested in Berlin during Labor Day protests on Saturday.
Crowds of revelers descended on the city of Liverpool in northwest England on Friday for a live music event held without masks or social distancing.
For Isha Johansen, a journey that began by helping to give kids displaced by war a semblance of a normal childhood, has led her to become the first West African woman elected to soccer's world governing body's FIFA council.
British artist L.S. Lowry's "Going to the Match" painting is expected to sell at auction for up to $4 million in June, Sotheby's auction house said on Friday.
A massive fatberg, weighing more than 300 tons, is clogging a sewer in an English city -- and authorities say it is unlikely to move for weeks.
Prince William and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge have released a new photograph of their daughter, Princess Charlotte, to mark her sixth birthday.
The 2021 Kentucky Derby is here and the fans, who can this time watch on site, are excited. 
A horse named after slain Louisville woman Breonna Taylor ran its way into the winner's circle on Thursday in a Derby Week race at Churchill Downs.
Cricket fan Shitu Anand Patil has recently recovered from Covid-19. She's also acutely aware of the suffering families in India are gripped by amid an overwhelming surge in coronavirus infections. 
In the hills above Sarajevo, thousands of uniform white headstones line the slopes, marking the graves of just some of the victims of the Bosnian War.
England gave Germany a lesson in ruthless finishing, converting its only two real chances of this Euro 2020 last-16 match to finally end its decades-long inferiority complex against its old, historic rival.
A turf war is brewing at Wimbledon as organizers have defended the conditions of the grass following injuries to Serena Williams and Adrian Mannarino in back-to-back matches. 
Starting Thursday, college athletes will have the opportunity to make money from their name, image and likeness (NIL) after the NCAA Board of Governors approved an interim policy that gives student-athletes in all three divisions the ability to profit from sponsorship opportunities for the first time.
Russian President Vladimir Putin put a positive spin on the sanctions that the United States has imposed on his country in recent years on Wednesday. There are, he claimed, positive sides to them.
World No. 1 Ashleigh Barty has two things on her mind right now: the Wimbledon championships and the prospect of her first Olympic Games. 
A last-gasp addition to his team, Mark Cavendish rolled back the years as he claimed his 31st Tour de France stage victory on Tuesday -- five years after his last success on the world's greatest cycling race.
US hammer thrower Gwen Berry has responded to criticism over turning away from the flag while on the podium at the Olympic trials, saying she "never said that I hated the country."
The woman who allegedly held out a banner causing the crash of dozens of cyclists during the first stage of the Tour de France last Saturday has been identified and is undergoing police questioning, the Brest prosecutor's office told CNN.
Milwaukee Bucks star Giannis Antetokounmpo limped off injured during his side's 110-88 defeat by the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday.
Sixty years after Gwen Goldman got a letter from the New York Yankees general manager telling her she didn't belong in the dugout, she was invited to be a bat girl for a game against the Los Angeles Angels.
Westminster, the beating heart of British politics, is very worried about how safe the UK government's most important secrets are.
Hammer thrower Gwen Berry says that the playing of the national anthem while she was on the podium at the US Olympic track and field trials was "set up." 
It was a good day to be an American at Wimbledon on Monday, with both Sloane Stephens and Frances Tiafoe causing upsets as the grass-court grand slam began. 
The Kremlin says Russia's vaccination program is voluntary, but employees in Moscow face losing their jobs if they don't get vaccinated when asked to. One worker described the policy as "voluntary-compulsory," a reference to Soviet times. 
Seven-time Wimbledon champion Serena Williams was forced to retire from her first-round match at the All England Club against Aliaksandra Sasnovich on Tuesday due to an injury suffered in the first set.
With his inauspicious Argentina debut nothing but a distant memory, Lionel Messi became his country's most capped player on Monday in their 4-1 Copa América victory over Bolivia.
Prince Harry has told recipients of the Diana Award that his mother would have been proud of them in a surprise congratulatory message to those who have worked on issues related to the pandemic.
In the window of a vintage shop in the Sydney suburb of Annandale, a sign expresses the frustration of many Australians with their country's pandemic strategy. 
Wimbledon is here. The 2021 tournament runs from Monday, June 28 with the men's final taking place on Sunday, July 11.
Football rivalries don't come much bigger than England versus Germany. 
Read CNN's Fast Facts about the French Open tennis tournament and learn more about one of the four Grand Slam events in tennis.
A mouse thought to have become extinct more than 150 years ago has been found alive on an island off the coast of Western Australia, researchers have discovered.
Four of Australia's eight capital cities are now under Covid-19 lockdown, as authorities struggle to contain fresh outbreaks of the highly infectious Delta variant.
Roger Federer's bid to win a 21st grand slam title got off to a nervy start at Wimbledon on Tuesday when his opponent Adrian Mannarino had to retire at the start of the fifth set in the first round.
The European Council adopted a climate change law Monday that legally obliges its 27 nations to collectively slash greenhouse emissions by 55% by 2030 -- from 1990 levels -- and to become a net-zero-emissions economy by 2050. 
As he bids to win a record-equaling 20th grand slam title, Novak Djokovic had to come from behind to secure victory in Wimbledon's first round.
Khris Middleton matched a career playoff high of 38 points as the Milwaukee Bucks downed the Atlanta Hawks 113-102 on Sunday night and grabbed a 2-1 lead in the Eastern Conference finals. 
American athlete Sydney McLaughlin obliterated the women's 400m hurdles world record at the US Olympic trials on Sunday. 
When it comes to having a strong support system for a potential professional athlete, the Korda family might be the prototype. 
Dozens of firefighters are tackling a large blaze at the Elephant and Castle train station in south London, the city's fire brigade has said.
Switzerland stunned reigning world champion France with victory in a nerve-shredding penalty shootout to book its place in the Euro 2020 quarterfinals.
Milos Zeman called transgender people "disgusting" during a televised interview on CNN affiliate CNN Prima News on Sunday, during a discussion of a new law in Hungary banning LGBTQ content in schools.
French authorities have launched an investigation after a fan caused dozens of cyclists to crash during the Tour de France on Saturday.
Koke had a wonderful chance to give Spain the lead after 15 minutes after latching onto Sergio Busquet's delightful through ball, but he was only able to fire straight at the legs of Dominik Livakovic in the Croatia goal.
Simone Biles has secured a spot on the United States Gymnastics team for next month's Tokyo Olympics.
Another day, another crash-filled Tour de France stage.
Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven said on Monday he had handed in his notice of resignation, giving parliament's speaker the job of finding a new premier after the Social Democrat leader lost a vote of no-confidence last week.
The French far right again failed to win a single region in elections on Sunday, exit polls showed, depriving its leader Marine Le Pen of a chance to show her party is fit for power ahead of next year's presidential election.
23-time grand slam champion Serena Williams has confirmed she will skip the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
European football governing body UEFA has denied that it banned fans from bringing in rainbow flags for the Euro 2020 game between the Netherlands and Czech Republic in Budapest on Sunday. 
Defense officials are investigating after an employee from the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) lost several "sensitive" documents that were later found by a member of the public, a ministry spokesperson said.
Turkish police fired tear gas to disperse a crowd that gathered for a Pride parade in central Istanbul on Saturday, detaining some of those seeking to take part in an event banned by local authorities.
Red Bull's Max Verstappen put in a dominant performance at the Styrian Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula One drivers' championship. 
A stunning long-ranged strike from Thorgan Hazard settled a hotly-contested game between Belgium and Portugal, and qualified Belgium for the quarterfinals of Euro 2020. 
Five people have been killed after a rare tornado along with tennis ball-sized hailstones hit several villages in South Moravia, in the southeast of the Czech Republic, officials said.
Italy needed extra time to defeat Austria 2-1 in the round of 16 at Euro 2020, surpassing its own 30-game unbeaten run set in 1939 and qualify for the quarterfinals of the tournament.
After its campaign began in the most horrifying circumstances, Denmark's dream run at Euro 2020 continued on Saturday with a convincing 4-0 victory over Wales in the last 16. 
Britain's Health Secretary Matt Hancock has resigned from his position a day after he apologized for breaching Covid regulations.  
Sydney will enter a hard two-week lockdown on Saturday night local time as authorities try to contain a fast-spreading outbreak of the highly infectious Delta coronavirus variant in Australia's largest city, the state leader said.
Aima, 19, is one of Britain's most prominent Black Lives Matter (BLM) activists, but at a protest in London she is nervous. She has her hood up and, while a pandemic-mandated mask covers most of her face, she keeps her head down for fear of being recognized. Her eyes constantly dart to check the location of the police.
From their competitors to managing energy, Tour de France riders have plenty to worry about on the streets.
The North Carolina State Wolfpack is out of the College World Series due to Covid-19 protocols, allowing the Vanderbilt Commodores to advance to the finals.
Qatari sprinter Abdalelah Haroun, who won bronze in the 400m at the 2017 World Athletic Championships, has died aged 24, according to the Qatar Olympic Committee.
There have now been seven no-hitters thrown this 2021 Major League Baseball season -- tying the modern-era record.
US golfer Lizette Salas opened up about her mental health battle after taking a first-round lead at the KPMG Women's PGA Championship. 
CeCe Telfer, an NCAA Division II track and field champion in 2019, is not allowed to compete in the women's 400-meter hurdles US Olympic Trials because of her eligibility regarding testosterone levels, USA Track and Field said in a statement.
Buckingham Palace has admitted the royal household is not diverse enough, as it releases its annual financial report.
When Christian Eriksen was discharged from hospital, one of the first things he did was visit his teammates.
The flare-up between a Royal Navy warship and Russian forces near Crimea on Wednesday will have been watched far beyond the Black Sea -- and could have repercussions involving a number of Britain's allies and foes.
The Queen has a whopping £369 million ($514 million) budget to refurbish her London pad -- a figure that may seem excessive when she spends most of her time at Windsor Castle these days. This week, the Queen's royal accounts for the past financial year were published, revealing £31.6 million ($44 million) had been spent on the renovation in the past 12 months, up from £16.4 million ($23 million) the year before.
Hungary "has no place" in the European Union after passing a controversial new bill banning LGBTQ content in schools, Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said on Thursday.
A UK government minister said Thursday that Britain was prepared to sail naval vessels through disputed waters near Crimea again, a day after a confrontation between a British warship and Russian forces in the Black Sea. 
A Frenchwoman who admitted to killing her husband after nearly two decades of abuse left court a free woman on Friday evening to loud applause from well-wishers -- concluding her ordeal that has appalled many in France. 
Zhang Zhizhen will be the first Chinese man in the Open Era to play in the main draw at Wimbledon next week after the world No. 178 booked his place by defeating Argentine Francisco Cerundolo 6-0 6-3 6-7(4) 7-6(6) in the qualifiers on Thursday.
Several people were killed and injured in a knife attack in the German city of Wurzburg, the district police of Lower Franconia tweeted on Friday.  
Kim Gaucher is a breastfeeding mom. She is also a Canadian basketball player who wants to represent her country at the Tokyo Olympics that start next month. 
Britain's beleaguered Health Secretary Matt Hancock has apologized for breaching Covid regulations after being pictured in an embrace with his adviser, with whom British tabloid The Sun alleges he is having an extramarital affair.
Brazil maintained its perfect record at the 2021 Copa América with a 2-1 win over Colombia, but it was a result that was marred by controversy.
A British warship became embroiled in a confrontation with Russian forces off the coast of the disputed territory of Crimea on Wednesday.
In the space of just nine days, Copenhagen's Parken Stadium played host to Euro 2020's worst moment and then its best.
A 37-year-old priest is in custody in Greece after allegedly launching an acid attack that injured 10 people at a meeting of senior bishops.
Trae Young scored a career playoff high 48 points as the Atlanta Hawks beat the Milwaukee Bucks 116-113 in the opening game of the NBA Eastern Conference finals on Wednesday.
Efforts to save Australia's endangered Tasmanian devil population led to thousands of sea birds being wiped out on an island in the Tasman Sea, according to local environmentalists.
The US women's soccer team that will compete at this year's Tokyo Olympics will have a familiar look as Carli Lloyd, Megan Rapinoe and Alex Morgan were among a slew of experienced players named in the national squad on Wednesday.
Consumer goods giant Unilever has developed a fully functioning production line inside a shipping container. 
The NCAA plans to implement interim measures that would allow college athletes to profit off their name, image and likeness (NIL).
European football governing body UEFA found itself on the defensive over diversity ahead of the Euro 2020 match between Germany and Hungary on Wednesday.
Read CNN's London Bombings Fast Facts and learn about the terrorist attacks that occurred on July 7, 2005, killing 52 people and injuring more than 700.
A British police officer has been found guilty of the manslaughter of former professional soccer player Dalian Atkinson, but he was cleared of his murder, a spokesperson for Birmingham Crown Court told CNN on Wednesday.
Football has a magical way of bringing people together and perhaps no country knows that more than England.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice to equal the all-time international goalscoring record as Portugal qualified for the last 16 of Euro 2020 in a thrilling conclusion to Group F on Wednesday.
Senior lawmakers in Italy pushed back Wednesday against "interference" from the Vatican after it protested against a draft Italian law designed to combat homophobia.
UK startup Ellipsis Earth is using drones and computer software to map trash around the world. 
A series of Covid-19 restrictions have been introduced in Sydney following a growing number of cases in the Australian city. 
World and Olympic champion Sun Yang's hopes of competing at the Tokyo Games ended on Tuesday when the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) reduced the Chinese swimmer's ban for doping violations to four years from eight.
Deandre Ayton tipped-in a dramatic last-second pass from Jae Crowder to give the Phoenix Suns a 104-103 victory over the Los Angeles Clippers on Tuesday. 
Spain has found it tough to score goals at Euro 2020.
The Brexit referendum took place five years ago. It was supposed to settle the United Kingdom's neurosis over its relationship with Europe once and for all, but it did nothing of the sort. 
Kyoko Ishikawa is not your average Olympics fan. Calling herself an "international vice cheerleader," she's a superfan who has attended every Summer Games since Barcelona 1992. 
Spain's government pardoned nine leaders serving prison sentences for their roles in Catalonia's failed 2017 independence drive, Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez announced Tuesday.
Lawmakers from the UK's governing Conservative party are being accused of weaponizing inequalities in the country's education system to stoke a culture war.
A plague of mice in the Australian state of New South Wales has forced a prison to evacuate at least 420 inmates and 200 staff, according to local authorities. 
Lionel Messi earned his 147th cap for Argentina on Monday, equaling Javier Mascherano's all-time appearance record for La Albiceleste.
Senegal and Liverpool football star Sadio Mane has donated $693,000 (£500,000) to help fund the construction of a hospital in his hometown of Bambali in Senegal. 
European football governing body UEFA has declined a request to light up Munich's Allianz Arena in rainbow colors for Wednesday's Euro 2020 match between Germany and Hungary.
Lawyers for a Canadian national accused of running a global multibillion-dollar methamphetamine cartel have alleged that he was illegally sent to the Netherlands as part of a scheme to ensure he stays behind bars for as long as possible. 
Just two weeks ago, Jon Rahm was worrying how his positive Covid-19 result would potentially affect his family -- in particular, his two-month old son. 
Keeping the belongings of dead loved ones was commonplace in Iron Age Britain, a new study suggests, with men and women holding on to mundane items as an emotional reminder of those they had lost.
Sweden's parliament backed a no-confidence vote against Prime Minister Stefan Löfven on Monday, making him the first Swedish premier to be ousted by a motion put forth by opposition lawmakers.
Jamaican track and field great Usain Bolt announced the birth of his twin sons in an Instagram post on Father's Day.
Jon Rahm won the 121st US Open at Torrey Pines Golf Course in San Diego, California, on Sunday.
Tokyo 2020 announced on Monday that it will allow spectators at the Olympics this year amid the pandemic, setting a 50% cap at venues, up to a maximum of 10,000 people.
Like many Olympians, USA track and field athlete Allyson Felix has been having an eventful journey to Tokyo 2020. 
Tunisia's Ons Jabeur made history on Sunday when she became the first Arab woman to win a WTA title, beating Russian Daria Kasatkina in the final of the grasscourt event in Birmingham.
New Zealand weightlifter Laurel Hubbard is set to become the first transgender athlete to compete in the Olympic Games, after she was selected for the national team on Monday.
It has been six years since Olympian Aram Mahmoud has seen his family.
While regarded by many as the greatest basketball player of all time, Michael Jordan's reticence to speak on issues of social or political importance has always seemed to be a surprising misstep -- his one shot that appeared to fall far wide of the basket. 
The murder trial of a woman who killed her abusive husband got underway in the French city of Chalon-sur-Saône on Monday.​
The Euro 2020 game between Germany and Hungary could be played in a stadium lit with rainbow-colored lights. 
Missing star guard Chris Paul, the Phoenix Suns rode the hot hand of Devin Booker to a Game One victory over the Los Angeles Clippers in the NBA playoffs on Sunday night.
Prominent Emirati rights activist, Alaa Al-Siddiq, 33, died in a car accident near London on Saturday.
French President Emmanuel Macron and far-right leader Marine Le Pen were both dealt big setbacks as their parties performed poorly in regional elections that saw a historically low turnout rate. 
Italy defeated Wales 1-0 on Sunday as both sides progressed to the knockout stages of Euro 2020. 
Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez said his government would pardon the nine jailed leaders of Catalonia's failed 2017 independence bid on Tuesday as a first step towards ending the political conflict over the wealthy region.
In a campaign overshadowed by the health of Christian Eriksen, who suffered a cardiac arrest during Denmark's opening Euro 2020 game, the Danish national team delivered a pulsating performance against Russia to secure an unlikely place in the tournament's knockout stages.
A suspect has been arrested and charged with murder in Russia after the death of Catherine Serou, an American student who vanished last week in the country's Nizhny Novgorod region, a local court told CNN Sunday.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about Duchess Catherine of Cambridge, the former Kate Middleton.  
Max Verstappen extended his lead at the top of the Formula One championship with a thrilling victory at the French Grand Prix on Sunday.
During Germany's Covid-19 lockdown, Rabbi Zsolt Balla earned a devoted online following, live-streaming prayer services on Facebook.  
A man from Windsor, southern England is set to have major surgery next month after his kidneys grew up to an estimated 40kg (88lb) due to polycystic kidney disease (PKD).
Thousands marched through central Warsaw on Saturday in an "Equality Parade" demanding an end to discrimination against the LGBT community, amid what campaigners say has been a rising tide of homophobia in Poland in recent years.
A far-right extremist who became the object of a month-long manhunt after threatening a top doctor fighting Covid-19, appears to have killed himself, authorities in Belgium said Sunday.
Captain Angelo Capurro started showing symptoms of Covid-19 on his second day at sea. Within five days, the 61-year-old skipper was confined to his cabin, unable to get out of bed.
Two own goals and scores from Kai Havertz and Robin Gosens helped Germany to a convincing 4-2 victory against Portugal in the sides' Euro 2020 game in Munich on Saturday.
Ryan Crouser toppled the men's shot put world record on Friday with a 23.37-meter throw on the first night of the US Olympic Track and Field Trials in Eugene, Oregon.
Australia has told the Biloela family they won't be offered protection because "it's safe" for Tamils to return to Sri Lanka. But mounting evidence suggests that is not the case, according to the United Nations, rights groups and a UK Tribunal that recently criticized one of the main sources of information used by Australian immigration officers to deny Sri Lankans refugee status.
Legendary Indian sprinter Milkha Singh has died at the age of 91 after a month-long battle with Covid-19, according to a family statement obtained by CNN affiliate News 18. 
College baseball pitcher Sang Ho Baek died following complications from ulnar collateral ligament reconstruction, commonly known as Tommy John surgery, according to a verified GoFundMe page organized by one of his teammates.
Norwegian golfer Viktor Hovland was forced to withdraw from the US Open on Friday after getting sand in his eye.
After two rounds at the US Open, Matthew Wolff is in a tie for third and one shot off the lead. And he acknowledges he is surprised to be in this position.
Police are appealing for information on how two original paintings from 17th century European artists, ended up in a roadside dumpster in southeast Germany.
Royal-watchers are turning their attention to the Duke of Sussex's upcoming trip.
Heading into this week's U.S. Open, the on and off course shenanigans between Brooks Koepka and Bryson DeChambeau had dominated the headlines.
Neymar netted his 68th goal for Brazil in its 4-0 win over Peru during the Copa América on Thursday, surpassing Ronaldo Luis Nazario de Lima as the national team's second top goalscorer behind Pelé.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson says the UK government is talking with European football governing body UEFA about "sensible accommodations" over the staging of the Euro 2020 semifinals and final at London's Wembley Stadium.
It may have rained relentlessly for eight hours leading up to kick off, but the torrential downpour wasn't enough to dampen the spirits of the thousands of Scottish fans -- a conservative estimate -- that had traveled to London for the national team's Euro 2020 match against England.
Christian Eriksen has been discharged from hospital after undergoing a "successful operation," the Danish Football Association confirmed on Friday.
Japan's top coronavirus adviser said Friday that staging the Tokyo Olympics without spectators is "desirable" as it would be the lowest risk option amid the pandemic.
Phoenix Suns guard Chris Paul has been sidelined following his placement on the league's Covid-19 health and safety protocols, the team announced on Wednesday.
Even before US President Joe Biden met with Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin, expectations were low.
It began with a look of pure annoyance and frustration, spiraled into a meme and then a beer company got involved. Yes, everybody is talking about the ongoing spat between golfers Brooks Koepka and Bryson DeChambeau.
At halftime, the Atlanta Hawks trailed by 22 points. Three minutes into the third quarter, they trailed by 26 points. 
Tennis star Naomi Osaka has withdrawn from this year's Wimbledon but is planning on returning at the Tokyo Olympics, according to her agent Stuart Duguid.
Rafael Nadal has announced he is pulling out of Wimbledon and the Tokyo Olympics.
As the Wimbledon tennis championships return this summer, organizers have announced updated measures including reduced stadium capacities, Covid-19 status certification for spectators, and a 5% cut to prize money.  
Some of the brands sponsoring Euro 2020 -- Europe's ongoing international football tournament -- aren't having an easy time of it.
A therapy dog has played a role in saving a woman who was considering taking her own life on a bridge over a highway in the UK, first responders attending the scene have said.
Belgian and Danish players halted their Euro 2020 match on Thursday to observe a minute's applause in an emotional mark of respect for Denmark's Christian Eriksen.
Christian Eriksen is to be fitted with an implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD), the Danish national football association announced Thursday, following the midfielder's collapse on the field at Euro 2020. 
Britain's Metropolitan Police has confirmed it will "review" allegations against Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell brought to light in a new investigation by London-based Channel 4 News.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson described his health minister as "totally f**king hopeless" during the early days of the pandemic, text messages published by his disaffected former chief adviser revealed on Wednesday.
Cristiano Ronaldo became the greatest goalscorer in the history of the European Championship finals after netting a brace in Portugal's 3-0 win against Hungary on Tuesday.
A Spanish man has been jailed for 15 years and five months for killing and eating his mother at the apartment they shared in Madrid.
Austria national footballer Marko Arnautovic has been handed a one-match ban by UEFA for "insulting another player" during his team's 3-1 win against North Macedonia at Euro 2020 on Sunday. 
An emotional Andy Murray broke down in tears after beating Frenchman Benoit Paire 6-3 6-2 to reach the second round of Queen's.
Long-serving captain Sergio Ramos is to leave Real Madrid after 16 years at the club. 
Heat-related deaths could triple in the UK by 2050 unless urgent efforts to tackle climate change are made, the country's Climate Change Committee (CCC) warned on Wednesday.
On the back of two straight losses, without his fellow star Kyrie Irving and with a just returning from injury James Harden, Kevin Durant once again showed why he's one of the best in the NBA. 
Christian Eriksen continues to be very much in the thoughts of players at Euro 2020.
The image of Christian Eriksen lying motionless on the pitch during Saturday's Euro 2020 game is one that "will never go away," according to Finland captain Tim Sparv. 
Read CNN's Fast Facts for a look at the life of Diana, Princess of Wales and first wife of Prince Charles.
Olympic runner Shelby Houlihan has been banned from the sport for four years following a positive test for a component found in anabolic steroids after she says she ate a pork burrito that she believes caused the false positive.
A protester parachuted into Munich's Allianz Arena moments before the start of the Euro 2020 match between Germany and France on Tuesday, injuring several people who were hospitalized, according to European football governing body UEFA.
Danish player Christian Eriksen has thanked well-wishers from around the world in his first social media post since suffering a cardiac arrest during Saturday's Euro 2020 game against Finland.
Hungary's parliament passed legislation on Tuesday that bans the dissemination of content in schools deemed to promote homosexuality and gender change, amid strong criticism from human rights groups and opposition parties.
A "special" Australian kelpie has sold for a record-breaking 35,200 Australian dollars ($27,090) at a working dog auction in the country's Victoria state.
Have we already seen the best goal of Euro 2020?
A spectacular tribute was paid to Argentina legend Diego Maradona before the nation's opening game of the 2021 Copa América on Monday night. 
Brazil won the opening game of the 2021 Copa América as the Covid-19-affected tournament got underway on Sunday. 
Tokyo Olympic organizers plan to give away about 150,000 condoms at next month's Games, but are telling athletes to take them home rather than use them in the Olympic village where social distancing rules and coronavirus measures are the top priority.
Boris Johnson has told English citizens that his government's plan to lift all Covid-19 restrictions on June 21 has been scuppered by the Delta variant of the virus. 
A host of big names from sport took to social media to express their opinions on Nikola Jokic's ejection during the Denver Nuggets' NBA playoff loss on Sunday. 
The government is facing some heat for its absurd approach on the public awareness campaigns, which inclues Heroes of laziness, a Hamas supporter and David Hasselhoff.
Read CNN's Fast Facts on Prince William and learn more about the Duke of Cambridge, who is second in line to the British throne.
Stefanos Tsitsipas has paid tribute to his grandmother, who he says passed away five minutes before he took to the court for the French Open final against Novak Djokovic.
Denmark striker Martin Braithwaite has criticized UEFA, European football's governing body, for forcing the players to play their Euro 2020 match against Finland on Saturday after teammate Christian Eriksen's collapse.
It's been four years since the Grenfell Tower disaster; four years since a fire engulfed the residential building where 72 people lost their lives and hundreds of others lost almost every possession they owned.
Novak Djokovic came back from two sets down in a grand slam final for the first time in his career, as he narrowly got the better of Stefanos Tsitsipas in a thrilling French Open final.
Read CNN's Radovan Karadzic Fast Facts to learn about his involvement in genocide and crimes against humanity during the breakup of Yugoslavia in the 1990s.
Christian Eriksen "was gone" before being resuscitated from cardiac arrest, Denmark's team doctor said at a press conference Sunday. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said his nation is prepared to extradite cyber criminals to the United States on a reciprocal basis, Russia's state-run TASS news agency reported Sunday. 
French authorities were racing to clean up an oil spill approaching the island of Corsica on Saturday, launching an "anti-pollution plan" to prevent the slick from reaching sunbathers on the coast.
The Queen smiled and joked with Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall as she swapped a knife for the longer blade to slice through a cake while visiting the organizers of the Big Lunch during the G7 summit in Cornwall. 
British Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab has said the path is now clear for a virtual trial of Anne Sacoolas, the US woman accused of killing 19-year-old Harry Dunn in August 2019 while she was driving on the wrong side of the road in England.
A second man has been charged in the shooting last month of Black Lives Matter activist Sasha Johnson, the London Metropolitan Police said in a statement Saturday.
The mayor of Moscow Sergey Sobyanin has asked residents in the Russian capital to stay home in the coming week, declaring it a "non-working" week, to try and curb the spread of Covid-19.
The Copa America, South America's premier football competition, due to kick off June 13 in the Brazilian capital of Brasilia, is triggering a wave of strong reactions for a sporting event.
G7 leaders are staying in luxury accommodation on the glorious Carbis Bay, flying in on private jets for lavish meals and even a meeting with the Queen, to discuss, of all things, how to address the inequality their nations have long perpetuated. 
A dog has been rescued by sailors after wandering through the Arctic for more than a week, according to Russian state media.
Barbora Krejcikova won her maiden grand slam singles title, beating Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 6-1 2-6 6-4 in a roller coaster French Open final.
Denmark star Christian Eriksen was reported to be in a stable condition after collapsing during the first half of Denmark's opening Euro 2020 match against Finland in Copenhagen.
Novak Djokovic dethroned Rafael Nadal in an all-time classic encounter to reach the French Open final, winning 3-6 6-3 7-6 6-2 in a match that lasted more than four hours.
A meeting with the monarch can be intimidating ... even if you are a world leader. US President Joe Biden will want to follow the established conventions for his one-on-one with the 95-year-old monarch. Here's a quick rundown of the royal rules of engagement.  

When Joe Biden meets the Queen later this month, he will be the 12th serving US President to do so during her reign.  
Italy laid down an early marker on the opening night of Euro 2020 with a dominant 3-0 victory over Turkey.
Carrie Johnson, the new wife of UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, is taking her first step onto the global stage as she welcomes G7 leaders to a summit in Cornwall. 
Brisbane, Australia is set to host the 2032 Olympics after the International Olympic Committee (IOC) endorsed its unopposed bid for the future Games.
A group of international scientists has called on Norway to halt plans for acoustic experiments on minke whales.
A stream of bubbles is catching trash in Amsterdam's Westerdok canal, preventing it from ultimately flowing into the North Sea.
Greek tennis star Stefanos Tsitsipas advanced to his first career grand slam final with victory over Alexander Zverev at the French Open on Friday. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin is going to Geneva, Switzerland, not merely to appear on the same platform as US President Joe Biden, but because "the poor state of relations" between both countries demands a summit, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov told CNN in an exclusive interview on Friday.
Utah Jazz guard Jordan Clarkson says there is "just no room" for racist incidents days after helping a food truck which had been graffitied with an anti-Asian racial slur and offensive images. 
Zooming past trees, gnarled roots and metal poles on a mountain bike, the wind blowing in your face as you race down the dirt course -- this is just a snapshot of the UCI Mercedes-Benz Mountain Bike Downhill World Cup.
For decades, historians and scientists believed Antarctica was discovered by Europeans and Americans. But according to a new study, it may have been New Zealand's indigenous Maori people who first laid eyes on the icy landscape.
A pumped up Novak Djokovic let out a series of guttural screams after edging past Italy's Matteo Berrettini on Wednesday to reach the semifinals of this year's French Open. 
Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban on Thursday said kneeling to protest against discrimination before sporting events was a custom related to slavery and alien to the central European country, adding that pressuring athletes everywhere to follow suit was "provocation."
France is to end its years-long anti-terror mission targeting Islamists in the Sahel region of West Africa, French President Emmanuel Macron announced Thursday.
Boris Johnson's star turn on the world stage has already been undermined by his previous greatest accomplishment: Brexit. 
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova reached her first grand slam final with a 7-5 6-3 victory against Tamara Zidanšek at the French Open.
Edward, Earl of Wessex, pops his head around the door of the room in St James's Palace and chuckles at the numerous cameras set up for the interview. "Do you have enough?" he laughs.
Carbis Bay in Cornwall, with its golden beaches and azure blue ocean, is prime G7 real estate. Think past summits, such as Taormina, Sicily in 2017 or Biarritz, France in 2019, but instead with the temperature turned down and rapacious seagulls scavenging for a free lunch.
Brazilian national team players and staff published a letter on their social media accounts Wednesday criticizing the organization of the Copa America tournament, but assuring they would still participate should the tournament go ahead.
Read CNN's Fast Facts on D-Day and learn more about the Allied invasion of Normandy on June 6, 1944.
Twenty five years ago, when England hosted Euro 1996, the nation was in thrall to a team that reached the European Championship's semifinals playing an exciting brand of soccer to the soundtrack of fans singing "Football's Coming Home," the chorus to the "Three Lions" song.
A teenager in Australia is in critical condition after a whale leaped from the water and landed on the fishing boat he was in. 
The English Premier League outlined on Wednesday sanctions for the six clubs -- Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City, Manchester United and Tottenham -- involved in the breakaway Super League that was announced in April. 
French President Emmanuel Macron was slapped in the face by a man in a crowd as he spoke to the public during a visit to southeast France on Tuesday, video of the incident posted on social media showed.
Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex have denied a report in the British media that they did not ask Queen Elizabeth II about naming their daughter Lilibet, after the monarch's childhood nickname. 
A Serbian volleyball player has been suspended for two matches after she was caught on camera stretching her eyelids -- a racist gesture used to mock people with Asian heritage -- during an international competition between Serbia and Thailand. 
Coco Gauff's dream run at the French Open came to an end on Wednesday as she lost in straight sets to Barbora Krejcikova 7-6 (8-6) 6-3. 
Australia's baseball team has pulled out of Olympic qualifiers, citing the "insurmountable" challenge of traveling to Mexico during COVID-19.
The previous women's 10,000-meter record was only set on Sunday, but Ethiopia's Letesenbet Gidey has already bettered it.
Denver Nuggets center Nikola Jokic has been named the Most Valuable Player for the 2020-21 NBA season. 
It was supposed to be the underworld's impenetrable communication tool, a digital safe space to plot crimes ranging from drug trafficking to murder away from the prying eyes of the law.
Debbie Hewitt is set to become the first female chair of England's Football Association (FA) in the organization's 157-year history. 
Jim Fassel, who coached the NFL's New York Giants from 1997 to 2003, passed away Monday at age 71, the Giants announced in a press release. 
Keira Knightley has said that every woman she knows has been subjected to sexual harassment, from being flashed to groped, including herself.
Archeologists working in central England have found a shackled skeleton which, they say, provides physical evidence that slavery was practiced in Roman Britain.
Former Bosnian Serb army leader Ratko Mladic, nicknamed "the butcher of Bosnia," will have to serve his life sentence after an appeal against his war crimes convictions was rejected on Tuesday.
After the acquisition of superstar James Harden in the offseason, the Brooklyn Nets were crowned as the NBA's next super team. 
Belgium striker Romelu Lukaku believes racism in football is at an "all-time high" ahead of the start of the European Championships. 
A microscopic animal has been revived after slumbering in the Arctic permafrost for 24,000 years. 
A new species of dinosaur discovered in Australia has been confirmed as the largest ever found in the country, and one of the biggest in the world.
A London Metropolitan Police officer has pleaded guilty to the kidnap and rape of Sarah Everard, a 33-year old woman who disappeared while walking in south London in March, the PA news agency reported Tuesday.
Read CNN's Fast Fasts about Britain's Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, and learn more about the prince who is sixth in line for the throne.
A bottle of wine was broken across a mass of gray metal in Mobile, Alabama, on Saturday, as the United States Navy unveiled the only ship in its fleet to be named after a foreign capital.
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex has given birth to a daughter, Lilibet "Lili" Diana Mountbatten-Windsor, the second child for her and Prince Harry, the couple announced in a statement on Sunday.
Retired boxing champion Floyd Mayweather Jr. will return to the ring in a "super exhibition" against YouTuber Logan Paul at the Hard Rock Stadium in Miami, Florida.
For 17-year-old Coco Gauff, breaking records is a regular occurrence. 
USA Gymnastics star and world champion Simone Biles took home her record seventh national women's all-around title at the US Gymnastics Championships in Fort Worth, Texas, on Sunday. 
David Dushman, the last surviving soldier who helped liberate Auschwitz-Birkenau, died on Saturday at the age of 98, the Jewish community of Munich and Upper Bavaria said in a statement on its website.  
Yuka Saso bounced back from two early double bogeys and bested Japan's Nasa Hataoka in the third hole of a sudden death playoff to win the 76th US Women's Open golf championship at the Olympic Club in San Francisco on Sunday.
Dr. Detlef Merchel didn't expect to end up in court for doing what he sees as part of his job: giving his patients information about the medical procedures he provides. But there he was, getting convicted for "advertising abortion" -- a crime in Germany.
Floyd Mayweather says "he had fun" exchanging blows with Logan Paul during their eight-round exhibition match Sunday.
Throughout his life, cycling has been a form of solace for Oz Sanchez. From the age of 12 or 13, he remembers being out on a bike even in the small hours. 
Ukraine plays its first European soccer championship group game against Netherlands on June 13 and the players will be wearing shirts that feature a map of their country that includes Crimea -- a region annexed by Russia in 2014.
When the Duke and Duchess of Sussex announced the birth of their second child -- a daughter -- on Sunday, the couple also revealed her name: Lilibet 'Lili' Diana Mountbatten-Windsor.
Intense heat and high humidity could pose a serious risk to athletes at this year's Tokyo Olympics, according to a new report.
Sitting beside the famous Harton S. Semple trophy, Yuka Saso asks: "Do I get this trophy at home or do I get a different one?"
The body of a toddler that washed up on Karmøy Island earlier this year has been identified by Norwegian police as that of Artin Irannezhad from Iran, who was previously listed as missing after his family attempted to cross the English Channel by boat in October 2020.
Spanish golfer Jon Rahm was withdrawn from the Memorial Tournament Saturday after testing positive for Covid-19, the PGA Tour announced.
Members of the royal family have wished Archie Harrison Mountbatten-Windsor, son of Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, a happy birthday as he turns 2 years old.
Thousands of Hungarians, some of them holding banners declaring "treason," protested on Saturday against a Chinese university's plans to open a campus in Budapest.
Roger Federer has withdrawn from the French Open as he seeks to protect his knee following two operations in 2020.
This week, Boris Johnson gets his first big chance to answer a question that's puzzled many in the international community for some time: Post-Brexit, what is Britain actually for? 
Red Bull drivers Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez experienced wildly different emotions in a dramatic Azerbaijan Grand Prix on Sunday.
Serena Williams was surprisingly beaten by Elena Rybakina in two sets as the 39-year-old American exited the French Open at the last-16 stage on Sunday.
Brazil might be hosting the Copa America, but whether the Brazilian soccer squad wants to participate in the tournament due to the uncontrolled state of the pandemic in the country remains to be seen.
It's hard to tell whether it's pantomime or a canny marketing ploy as the YouTuber fighter's brother steals the undefeated professional boxer's hat and they get into a heated pre-press conference fight. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a new law Friday banning individuals designated as "extremists" from running for public offices, a move condemned by the opposition as an effort to further limit political competition.
Nadia Nadim is not your average footballer.
Detained journalist Roman Protasevich has again appeared on Belarusian state media, to the concern of government critics who fear the young dissident is being forced to address the nation under duress.
Serena Williams put in an impressive display on Friday to qualify for the French Open fourth-round with a chance at entering the history books on the horizon. 
Russian tennis player Yana Sizikova was arrested in Paris on Thursday evening for sports corruption and fraud in an organized group, two French law enforcement sources have told CNN. 
A top cleric in Germany's Catholic Church has offered to resign as the Archbishop of Munich, saying he shared "responsibility for the catastrophe of sexual abuse" by church officials.
Police excavations at a cafe in the quiet English city of Gloucester revived a half-century-old puzzle: What happened to Mary Bastholm, a carefree 15-year-old girl who went missing in January 1968? 
The Argentina national team paid tribute to Diego Maradona in its first match since his death, unveiling a five-meter [16.4-foot] statue and wearing his image on their shirts ahead of kick-off.
The last time an amateur took the lead after a round in the US Women's Open was when Jane Park did so at Newport Country Club in 2006.
Meghan and Harry referred repeatedly to the royal "institution" during their Oprah interview. But what is it, and how does it operate?
Roger Federer has become known for his cool and composed tennis but the 20-time grand slam champion wasn't happy during his French Open win against Marin Cilic.
LeBron James and the defending NBA champion Los Angeles Lakers lost 113-100 to the Phoenix Suns in Game 6 of their first-round series on Thursday, eliminating the Lakers and bringing an end to an impressive record in James' career.
A truck laden with tomato puree crashed in England this week, turning a highway red and prompting a number of food-related puns from people on social media. 
Belarus has struck back against the United States, slashing the number of staff permitted at the US embassy in Minsk, in response to sanctions imposed on some of its state-owned enterprises.
Denmark has passed a law allowing it to relocate asylum seekers to third countries while their asylum claims are processed, in a move that has drawn sharp condemnation from human rights groups. 
World no. 1 Ashleigh Barty was forced to retire from the 2021 French Open due to injury on Thursday. 
Thousands of volunteers have pulled out of the Tokyo 2020 Olympics in recent weeks, organizers said, fueling concerns Japan may not be ready to host the rescheduled Games as the country struggles to rein in a new wave of Covid-19 cases.  
Two men's doubles players at this year's French Open have tested positive for Covid-19 and are now in quarantine, organizers confirmed. 
It wasn't long ago that Prince Harry and Meghan claimed members of the British royal family had made overtly racist comments about the skin color of their first-born child. Now, newly published archive papers reveal a racist recent past in the family. 
An investigation into the alleged gang rape of a 14-year-old girl in Ghent, Belgium, is underway after five people -- including three minors -- were arrested, according to public prosecutors and local media reports. 
Passengers on an Air France flight were evacuated in Paris on Thursday after an anonymous threat, the company said in a statement.
Serena Williams says she'd like to give Naomi Osaka a hug after the world No.2 withdrew from the French Open on Monday.
Chris Evert knows what it's like adjusting to life as a tennis superstar at at young age.
A Belarusian activist stabbed his own throat during a court hearing in Minsk on Tuesday, according to local human rights watchdog Viasna 96.
Britain's royal family has announced a four-day holiday weekend in June 2022 to celebrate Queen Elizabeth II's 70th year on the throne, with a program of events featuring a parade, street parties and a live concert at Buckingham Palace. 
"I don't like violence," says Reema Aburahma, "I'm so girly!" 
Olympic hockey gold medalist Imran Sherwani has revealed he has been diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's, after first noticing symptoms while in his early 50s.
The surprise decision to award Brazil hosting rights for the Copa America, South America's biggest international football tournament, with just 12 days until the start date is drawing widespread criticism.
As Major League Baseball celebrates its first annual "Lou Gehrig Day," revisit the famous 1939 farewell speech by the Yankees legend that cemented a relationship between baseball and the ALS community.
Atlanta Braves outfielder Marcell Ozuna posted a $20,000 bond on Monday after being arrested on charges of domestic violence against his wife.
The children know the man whose portrait hangs above their playroom door as Mister S or Mister Somerton. His real name remains a mystery more than 70 years after he was found dead in a smart brown suit on an Australian beach, a half-smoked cigarette resting on his collar. 
Asparagus is known to be a traditional side dish of the Flemish people, so much so perhaps that a recipe for the delicious shoot has mistakenly appeared in a Belgian law database. 
From wrestling alligators to feuding with game show host Bob Barker on tour, no one quite draws a crowd like Happy Gilmore. 
After a season of relative underachievement, five-time European Cup winner FC Barcelona has embarked on the process of overhauling its squad.
South America's Football Confederation, CONMEBOL, announced on Sunday that the Copa América would no longer be held in Argentina, just 13 days before the tournament was due to begin.
Carlo Ancelotti has returned to Real Madrid to become the club's new manager for the second time in his career. 
France and Germany are "seeking full clarity" on a report claiming that one of Denmark's intelligence agencies helped the United States spy on several senior European officials, including German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Emmanuel Macron said Monday.
Sicilian Mafia turncoat Giovanni Brusca, the man who detonated the bomb that killed judge Giovanni Falcone in 1992, has been released from jail after serving a 25-year sentence, causing grief and anger among the relatives of those he killed.
The celebrations started even before she had crossed the line, gesturing with her left arm and shouting in delight. 
Catapulted to stardom by her landmark silver medal at the 2016 Olympic Games, badminton star P. V. Sindhu has become a sporting, social and cultural female figurehead in India. At 25 she's already the country's most marketable female athlete and her upward trajectory continues both on and off the court.
Carrie Johnson, the wife of UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson, has announced the couple are expecting their second child in December.
16-year-old Ajax youth player Noah Gesser died in a car accident on Friday evening, the Dutch football club announced.
The Tokyo Olympics are officially underway with thousands of the world's most outstanding athletes competing against each other in one convenient location for one enterprising TikToker.
After years of dominance that equated to a glut of 20 medals across the past three Olympic Games, Great Britain's rowers reached choppy waters in Tokyo. 
Simone Biles will not compete in the Olympics finals for two of the four individual women's gymnastics events, vault and the uneven bars, USA Gymnastics said.
American BMX rider Connor Fields sustained a brain hemorrhage following his crash in the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, according to USA Cycling.
The sight of a jubilant Olympian standing atop the podium after being victorious in their discipline with a gold medal between their teeth is an iconic one. 
Sydney's poorest neighborhoods on Friday braced for military enforcement of the city's toughest and longest lockdown of the Covid-19 pandemic as the infection numbers held persistently high five weeks since restrictions began.
In a series of Instagram stories, Simone Biles shared videos -- which since have been deleted -- of herself struggling with her dismounts on the uneven bars and answering questions about having the twisties, a mental block in gymnastics where competitors lose track of their positioning midair.
Japan's summers are hot, humid, and can be deadly. If records are being broken during events at the Olympics, Tokyo 2020 could also emerge with perhaps a record it wouldn't have wanted. 
Ethiopia's Selemon Barega won the men's 10,000-meter gold at the Tokyo Olympics on Friday after a thrilling sprint on the final lap. 
The issue of doping reared its head at Tokyo 2020 on Friday as the Russian Olympic Committee (ROC) hit back at comments from American swimmer Ryan Murphy which questioned whether Evgeny Rylov's 200m backstroke gold medal was "100% clean."
Malta's government must bear responsibility for creating an "atmosphere of impunity" that contributed to the murder of journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia, an independent inquiry has found.
Royal commentators noticed an omission on the official royal website until this week.
After a turbulent few years, Sunisa Lee can now call herself an Olympic gold medalist.
Novak Djokovic's search for a historic 'Golden Slam' came to an end on Friday as he lost to Alexander Zverev at Tokyo 2020. 
A tiny landlocked European country surrounded by Italy, San Marino enjoyed a breakout moment at Tokyo 2020 on Thursday, winning its first ever Olympic medal.
Former Olympic champion Connor Fields "is awake and awaiting further medical evaluation" after crashing in the BMX Racing event at Tokyo 2020, said USA Cycling BMX, citing the team doctor.
Gymnastics is a physically demanding sport with a high injury rate. But it is extremely difficult psychologically as well. CNN's Elle Reeve writes about how fear plays a role in the mental and physical health of elite Olympic gymnasts.
The story of Suni Lee's rise as Olympic gold medalist in many ways reflects the larger struggles of the Hmong people as one of the country's most marginalized Asian American groups.
Seventeen gold medals were won. Here's a breakdown of who's taking home the gold:
Simone Biles, the US gymnast who withdrew from Tokyo 2020 Olympic events to prioritize her mental health, has thanked fans for their "love and support" amid an outpouring of praise and well wishes from people around the world.
Germany cycling coach Patrick Moster has been sent back home from the Toyko Olympics after he made a racist remark during the men's road time trial on Wednesday.
Simone Biles had to withdraw from the women's team gymnastic final on Tuesday as the Russia Olympic Committee (ROC) took gold at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics.
Suni Lee's historic performance -- highlighted by the most difficult, astonishing uneven bars routine in the world -- capped an immensely difficult journey.
Caeleb Dressel has won the men's 100 meter freestyle final with a time of 47.02 seconds, an Olympic record.
Social media and all-but-empty venues have given Olympics fans surprising access to the funny, personal, private side of the world's best athletes.
Katie Ledecky has won the women's 1500-meter freestyle final, giving the American her first gold medal of the Tokyo Olympic Games.
Devastating wildfires have spread across parts of southern Europe, tearing through the Spanish and Greek countryside and forcing around 1,000 people from their homes on the Italian island of Sardinia.
After a 13-year hiatus, baseball is returning to the Olympics -- although no fans will be there to witness it.
Wednesday was in its twilight hours in Fiji, but Fijians were just beginning to party, with videos popping up on social media of groups of locals taking to the streets to dance and sing. 
Amid spiking temperatures and humidity at the Tokyo Olympics on Wednesday, tennis player Daniil Medvedev posed an unsettling question: Who would take responsibility if he were to die on court?
The Tokyo Olympics are under way and with technology as ubiquitous as it is, it can be hard to avoid spoilers if you aren't watching events live. Here's how to update some of your social media settings and how you may be able to navigate spoilers in the real world too.
The Baltimore Ravens opened training camp Wednesday without star quarterback Lamar Jackson, who tested positive for Covid-19, according to head coach John Harbaugh.  
The slight improvement in LGBTQ representation at the Olympics is cause for celebration, but it should also give athletes and audiences pause. Less than 2% of all athletes competing in Tokyo are openly LGBTQ. 
After Simone Biles' withdrawal from both the women's team gymnastics final and the individual all-around competition to focus on her mental health, other Olympic athletes have said they've come off social media platforms to protect their own mental well-being. 
Simone Biles, the most decorated American gymnast, faltered at the Tokyo Olympics Tuesday, showing that even our near-perfect heroes are fallible. Seeing her slip reminds her many fans of what that pressure, however well-intentioned, can do to an international idol. 
At 4 feet, 8 inches tall, Simone Biles often feels she has "the weight of the world on my shoulders." On Tuesday, the world discovered the GOAT is also human. But Biles, the only survivor of the Larry Nassar sexual abuse scandal to return to the Olympics, said she's on a more important mission than just winning medals.
The Australian city of Sydney extended a lockdown by four weeks on Wednesday after an already protracted stay-at-home order failed to douse a Covid-19 outbreak, with the authorities warning of tougher policing to stamp out non-compliance.
Twenty-three gold medals were won. Here's a breakdown of who's taking home the gold:
Read CNN's Fast Facts on the London Underground, also known as "The Tube," the oldest subway or metro transit system in the world. 
Simone Biles has withdrawn from the individual all-around competition to focus on her mental health, USA Gymnastics announced on Wednesday.
It was meant to be the biggest day of Paula Radcliffe's career. The whole planet was expecting the world record holder to win the 2004 Athens Olympic marathon -- a dream she had since she was 11 years old. 
Weightlifter Hidilyn Diaz made history Monday becoming the first athlete from the Philippines to win gold at the Olympics. 
The Russian Olympic Committee (ROC) won a dramatic women's team gymnastic final to take the gold medal after Team USA was hit by the withdrawal of Simone Biles.
A quick glance at the Olympic medal table and you'll see the usual heavyweight countries dominating: China, the United States, Japan. 
Twenty-two gold medals were won. Here's a breakdown of who's taking home the gold:
One person has died and 16 others were injured when an explosion rocked an industrial park for chemicals in the western German city of Leverkusen on Tuesday.
In what many are calling the Vatican's "trial of the century," a Vatican court on Tuesday opened proceedings against Italian Cardinal Angelo Becciu, the Pope's former chief of staff, and nine other defendants charged with fraud and embezzlement, principally for their roles in a controversial $400 million real estate deal in London. 
Naomi Osaka will leave the Tokyo 2020 Olympics without a medal, as the four-time major champion was upset in the third round Tuesday by Marketa Vondrousova of the Czech Republic.
There's no replacing Simone Biles. But her teammate and confidante Jordan Chiles was tasked with trying. 
Nigerian American Uche Eke made history at Tokyo 2020 as the first gymnast to represent Nigeria at the Games.
Dutch cyclist Annemiek van Vleuten threw her arms up in the air, her face a picture of ecstasy and joy.
Norway's Kristian Blummenfelt won gold in the men's triathlon at the Tokyo 2020 Olympic games following a bizarre false start which saw a media boat block about half of the competitors who were about to dive into the water to begin their swim.
Germany's women's gymnastics team has forgone bikini-cut unitards in favor of full-body versions at the Tokyo Olympics, in what the German Gymnastics Federation has branded a statement against "sexualization."
Read Fast Facts on CNN on the life of J.K. Rowling, and learn more about the author of the Harry Potter book series.
The parents of a British teenager killed in 2019 said Monday that they will strenuously oppose an attempt by the US government to keep secret the employment details of the woman accused in the traffic death.
The 2020 Summer Olympics are finally underway in Tokyo. But athletes who contracted coronavirus have seen there Olympic dreams dashed. Some tested positive in Japan, some before coming. These are the athletes we know who have publicly dropped out due to Covid-19 health and safety protocols.
When the three athletes on an Olympic podium have a combined age of 42, you know -- in the words of English rock band The Who -- that the kids are alright.   
A postcard of kangaroos lounging among gumtrees arrives in our letterbox in London, addressed to my 4-year-old daughter.  
If you've been watching the Olympics this year, you may notice an unfamiliar abbreviation, ROC. It stands for the Russian Olympic Committee, and it allows Russian athletes to compete in the Olympics while their country is banned from the Games because of its doping scandal.
Twenty-one gold medals were won. Here's a breakdown of who's taking home the gold:
As the pace of Covid-19 vaccinations in Europe shows signs of a slowdown, leaders are racing to find answers to a key dilemma of the rollout's next phase: how to convince reluctant citizens to roll up their sleeves. 
Argentinian fencer Maria Belen Perez Maurice may have lost the chance of a medal at the Tokyo Olympics on Monday, but she is definitely still winning at life. 
Nobody was speaking about Anna Kiesenhofer ahead of the Tokyo 2020 women's road race, but they certainly are now.
The now-familiar scenes of a city indundated by floods played out in London over the weekend, in a brutal reminder that even some of the world's richest cities are dangerously unprepared for the kind of extreme weather that is becoming more common because of climate change.
Singer-songwriter Pink has offered to pay fines handed out to the Norwegian women's beach handball team after they refused to wear bikini bottoms while competing. 
He's a TV star and a lover of crochet. And now at his fourth Olympics, Tom Daley is finally an Olympic gold medal winner.
All 11 gold medals have been awarded at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics for Saturday. Here's a breakdown of who clinched gold:
France beat the US men's basketball team 83-76 at the Tokyo Olympics on Sunday, ending Team USA's 25-game Olympic winning streak that dates back to 2004.
Nearly two-thirds of women in the UK military have experienced bullying, sexual harassment and discrimination during their career, a landmark parliamentary report revealed on Sunday. 
The United States has won its first medals of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics as Chase Kalisz and Jay Litherland finished first and second in the Men's 400-meter Individual Medley.
These are early days for the Tokyo Olympics, but Naomi Osaka is quickly emerging as the headline act.
UK Health Secretary Sajid Javid, who recently tested positive for and recovered from Covid-19, has apologized after suggesting people shouldn't "cower" from Covid-19.
An Iranian taekwondo athlete competing for the Refugee Olympic Team made her mark at Tokyo 2020 after she defeated two-time Olympic gold medalist Jade Jones.
Eighteen athletes won gold medals at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics on Sunday. Here's a breakdown of who clinched gold:
Some 30,000 people have joined the annual Pride celebrations in Budapest on Saturday, organizers say, with attendees marching in colorful outfits across the Hungarian capital in support of inclusion and freedom. 
More than 10,000 athletes compete in the summer Olympics. There are gold medalists and athletes who'll never get anywhere near the podium. There are global superstars and athletes who soon will be, all rubbing shoulders with competitors from countries that they've never heard of. 
Bosnia's outgoing international peace overseer decreed amendments to its criminal code on Friday to allow jail terms for the denial of the 1995 Srebrenica genocide, a frequently expressed view among nationalist Serbs.
Covid-19 has thrown more than a few curve balls at Tokyo Olympic organizers -- but this isn't the first Games to battle a pandemic.
For more than 100 years, the Olympics have been used as a platform for political and human rights protest -- both by athletes and by entire countries. But as the Tokyo Games begin, there is still debate over the right of athletes to protest.
Day one of the Tokyo 2020 Olympics and things are hotting up -- not least the weather.
Algerian judo athlete Fethi Nourine says he has chosen to withdraw from the 2020 Tokyo Olympics rather than face an Israeli competitor. 
With no fans in attendance and a reduced number of athletes joining the parade, the Tokyo Olympics' Opening Ceremony officially kicked off the Summer Games on Friday as tennis star Naomi Osaka lit the cauldron.
The Covid-19 pandemic has loomed large over the Tokyo Olympics ever since last year's postponement, shaping a Games the like of which has never been seen before. 
Players from the United States women's national soccer team filed an appeal Friday to overturn a 2020 decision against their equal pay lawsuit, saying last year's decision "defies reality."
Prince Harry is making headlines once again. This time, they're around the news that he's working on a memoir, to be published late next year.
A few years ago, Australian scientist Richard Major took a video of a cockatoo in Sydney opening a closed trash bin lid with its beak and foot to access the gold mine of leftover food inside.
Over 150 athletes, sports organizations, human rights and social justice experts have signed an open letter calling on the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to allow athletes the "fundamental human right" to protest, including at the podium. 
Well over three quarters of the US athletes that are in Japan for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics have received Covid-19 vaccines, the United States Olympic and Paralympic Committee (USOPC) revealed on Friday. 
Defending Olympic champion Brazil defeated Germany on Thursday in what was a rematch of the 2016 Rio men's football final. 
Photographer and aviation enthusiast Ian Simpson has lived in the East Anglia region of England all his life, and one of his favorite things to do is photograph planes at Royal Air Force bases in the area. 
Ten years ago, Norwegian far-right extremist Anders Behring Brevik killed 77 people, many of them teenagers, in a bomb attack and gun rampage. The July 22 attacks left Norway, a small, close-knit Nordic country, stunned and grieving.
If a National Football League game cannot be rescheduled and is canceled due to a Covid-19 outbreak among unvaccinated players, that team will have to forfeit and will be credited with a loss, the NFL said in a leaguewide memo obtained by CNN.
A week after severe flooding hit western Europe, devastating Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands, German officials said Thursday they fear the 158 people still missing there may not be found.
The ambition is to make millions of television watchers around the world gasp and get their jaws dropping.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about the life of Francois Hollande, former president of France.
Mexico beat France 4-1 on Wednesday as the men's football tournament kicked off at Tokyo 2020.
My oh my, how time flies. Britain's Prince George is turning 8 on Thursday and to mark the occasion his parents are releasing a new photograph of their eldest. 
Legendary college football coach Bobby Bowden has been diagnosed with a terminal medical condition, he and his family announced on Wednesday. 
Two US athletes have tested positive for coronavirus days before the start of the Tokyo Olympics.
Czech beach volleyball players Markéta Sluková-Nausch and Barbora Hermannova are coming to terms with being ruled out of the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games as the European team grapples with a growing Covid-19 problem. 
A cool reception to Pierre de Coubertin's speech proposing the Olympic Games didn't stop them from happening -- or the manuscript from selling for $8.8 million.
Five women's soccer teams took a knee ahead of their opening matches at the 2020 Summer Games.
New York Jets assistant coach Greg Knapp is in critical condition following a bicycling accident, Lieutenant Tami Williams of the San Ramon Police Department in California tells CNN. 
Oonagh Cousins was training up to 35 hours a week after she was picked for the British rowing team for the Tokyo Olympics, despite contracting Covid-19 in February 2020.
After a delay of more than a year due to the pandemic, the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympics are finally underway.
Hungary's right-wing populist Prime Minister Viktor Orbán has proposed a referendum on the country's controversial new LGBTQ law. The move is in response to the European Union which lambasted the new measure by the member state.   
Empty stadiums, no fans, and if you're an athlete it's probably best to avoid having sex in the Olympic Village just to be on the safe side.
Brisbane has been officially announced as host of the Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2032.
US men's beach volleyball player Taylor Crabb will not participate in the Tokyo Olympics after testing positive for Covid-19, according to NBC News. Crabb is the fourth US athlete to test positive for the virus. 
Sweden laid down an early marker in the women's Olympic football competition, hammering the US Women's National Team 3-0 on Wednesday.
It's been a long journey to the very top of basketball for Giannis Antetokounmpo.
The Netherlands thrashed Zambia 10-3 to break the record for the most goals scored by a single team in a women's Olympic football match.
Men are responsible for 16% more greenhouse gases than women, a new study from Sweden shows, as they consume more meat and fuel.
Brazil football legends Marta and Formiga created Olympic history on Wednesday in their opening match of the 2020 Tokyo Games. 
Nneka Ogwumike of the Los Angeles Sparks and Elizabeth Williams of the Atlanta Dream won't be able to play for Nigeria in the Tokyo Olympics after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) denied their appeal.
Double Paralympic world champion Olivia Breen says she was left "speechless" after an official at the English Championships told her that her sprint briefs were "too short and inappropriate." 
Boris Johnson's former chief adviser has claimed that the Prime Minister tried to maintain his weekly face-to-face audiences with Queen Elizabeth during the early stages of the Covid-19 pandemic, despite the elderly monarch being vulnerable to the virus.
What could have been the pinnacle of her acclaimed career has been thwarted by positive coronavirus tests. But US gymnast Kara Eaker is already looking forward to life beyond the Tokyo Olympics, her father told CNN on Tuesday. 
Tokyo 2020 CEO Toshiro Muto isn't ruling out a last minute cancellation of the Olympic Games amid rising Covid-19 cases.
The Norwegian women's beach handball team has been fined after players opted to wear shorts instead of bikini bottoms during a European championship game.
This year's Euro 2020 tournament has become a national talking point in the UK -- but not just about football.
Six Polish swimmers have had to return home from the Tokyo Olympics due to an administrative error by the Polish Swimming Federation (PZP).
Kenya's golden grasslands and lush cornfields are a far cry from the rolling hills and green forests that run across Beersel in Belgium, a province just outside Brussels, where budding Olympian Isaac Kimeli has been training for his first Games.
An English Premier League club has suspended a member of its first team squad after he was arrested on suspicion of child sex offenses.
Russian President Vladimir Putin got a sneak peek of a new fifth-generation lightweight single-engine fighter jet at an air show just outside of Moscow on Tuesday.
The sports world, just days ahead of one of its premier global events, has been dealing with a significant and concerning number of Covid-19 cases.
Collin Morikawa won the Open golf tournament on Sunday, finishing two shots ahead of Jordan Spieth.
John Kerry, the US Special Presidential Envoy for Climate, urged the world's governments to speed up efforts against the climate crisis Tuesday, saying the political response to it has "failed" to respond effectively for more than three decades. 
Japanese musician Keigo Oyamada has announced his intention to step down as a composer for the Tokyo 2020 opening and closing ceremonies after old interviews of bullying behavior resurfaced, days before the beleaguered Olympics are due to get underway. 
On Monday, Boris Johnson placed English citizens at the center of an experiment that will give some indication of how well a highly populated country with surging cases of Covid-19  copes when lockdown restrictions are lifted. 
Lewis Hamilton was the target of online racist abuse after winning his eighth British Grand Prix on Sunday. 
Just days before the Olympics are set to begin, three members from South Africa's Olympic football team have tested positive for Covid-19 after arriving at the Tokyo Olympic Village, according to the South African Football Association.
Athletes have been settling into their new accommodation at the Olympic Village as they prepare for the Tokyo Games -- and testing out what's on offer, both the beds and food.
An anti-racist group of members of the European Parliament have accused the global sports community, including the International Olympic Committee (IOC), of having "institutional structures and rules that exclude people of colour and Black women specifically." 
Australia will deport controversial right-wing British commentator Katie Hopkins after she admitted breaching the country's quarantine rules, Australia's minister for home affairs said on Monday.
Six British athletes and two staff members are self-isolating after coming into close contact with an individual who tested positive for Covid-19 on their flight to Japan, the British Olympic Association said Sunday.
Austrian authorities said they are investigating reports that US diplomats in Vienna have experienced symptoms of a mystery illness known as Havana Syndrome. 
A nine-time gold medalist, Mark Spitz knows a thing or two about how to successfully navigate the Olympic Games as an athlete. 
Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard, whose depiction of the prophet Mohammed wearing a turban made out of a bomb sparked a wave of violence in 2006, has died at the age of 86.
The Milwaukee Bucks scorched the host Phoenix Suns with a sizzling second quarter before holding on to inch closer to their first NBA title in a half-century.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about the British Open Golf Tournament and learn more about one of the four Grand Slam golf championships.
Germany's Olympics team walked off the pitch during a friendly match against Honduras after one of the German players was allegedly racially abused, according to the German Football Association (DFB).
The International Olympic Committee on Saturday backed New Zealand's selection of transgender weightlifter Laurel Hubbard for the Tokyo Olympics despite criticism, saying that under the current rules -- which will be reviewed in future -- she can compete.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about the Tour de France and learn more about the prestigious bike race.
Hamilton was given a time penalty but in a dramatic conclusion to the race, the Mercedes driver overtook Charles Leclerc two laps from the end to secure his eighth British GP victory and reinvigorate his title defense.
A golfer's flexibility and ability to adapt to difficult terrains are some of his most important attributes. 
A Ugandan athlete who has gone missing in Tokyo ahead of the Olympic Games had left a note saying his life in the African country was too difficult and he wanted to work in Japan, officials have said.
It was once a quiet waterfront, only enjoying the occasional sounds from the nearby Gulf shores. Now, it's a dizzying burst of color and life -- soon to be filled with up to 40,000 screaming fans.
Sunday's processional final Tour de France stage that concluded in Paris confirmed Tadej Pogacar as winner of the race for a second year running.
Kazunori Takishima has been traveling the world to support Japan at every Olympic Games for the past 15 years, so it was a dream to see the event in his home city of Tokyo. But when a ban on spectators was announced last week due to Covid-19, that dream was over.
In Altenahr in western Germany, even the dead were not spared in this week's devastating flood. The village cemetery was swept away, headstones damaged and toppled by the force of the muddy water.
Most people can't wait to head to the coast and sample the delights of the sun, sea, sand and an ice cream or two.
Catastrophic flooding in western Europe has killed more than 120 people, with hundreds more missing, authorities said Friday, as large-scale rescue efforts continue amid rising water, landslides and power outages.
The Blue Jays announced Friday the team will return to Toronto after receiving a National Interest Exemption from the Canadian government, allowing the team to enter the country without having to adhere to the country's Covid-19 travel restrictions.
International footballer Tyrone Mings has called out UK Home Secretary Priti Patel for accusing the England national team of engaging in "gesture politics," only to then say she'd been "disgusted" by the online racist abuse directed at three players.
An unidentified overseas visitor has tested positive for Covid-19 at the Tokyo Olympics athletes' village, organizers said on Saturday -- the first such case amid concerns the Games could become a super-spreader event.
The Australian Olympic Committee (AOC) has announced that women's basketball player Liz Cambage -- a star player on the WNBA's Las Vegas Aces -- has withdrawn from the Australian Olympic Team and will not compete in Tokyo.
Mark Spitz, the legendary swimmer who held the record of seven Olympic gold medals in a single Games before Michael Phelps won eight in 2008, says even his fellow American's mark will fall at some stage.
At least 55 people have died due to severe flooding in Western Europe, caused by what experts described as the heaviest rainfall in a century.
Actor Jason Sudeikis has thrown his support behind English soccer stars who have been the target of racist abuse. 
The International Swimming Federation (FINA) says it is "reviewing" its decision not to allow the use of swimming caps designed for natural Black hair at the Tokyo Olympics this summer. 
Max Verstappen is currently navigating uncharted waters -- not that you would be able to tell.
The crowds slowly grasp who is on the tee box and the whispers intensify.
To predict Meghan's next career move, it makes sense to look at how she defines herself.
Fans literally run to congregate around the first tee, searching for any line of sight they can. Young and old, a huge crowd has assembled here at the opening hole at Royal St George's.
European officials have said climate change contributed to this week's extreme flooding, which has left entire towns submerged and more than 120 people dead.
Team WNBA defeated Team USA 93-85 in the 2021 WNBA All-Star Game on Wednesday, with Arike Ogunbowale being named MVP after dropping a game-high 26 points.
Cocaine disguised as charcoal with a potential street value of up to 35 million euros ($41.4 million) has been seized in a joint operation between Irish and Dutch authorities.
World No. 1 Novak Djokovic announced on social media on Thursday that he will compete in the Tokyo Olympics.
The Milwaukee Bucks rallied from nine points down in the fourth quarter to defeat the Phoenix Suns 109-103 in Game 4 of the NBA Finals on Wednesday to tie the best-of-seven series at 2-2 in front their own elated fans at Fiserv Forum.
Split-second decision making, relentless focus and courage are just some of the attributes any Formula One driver needs. 
WNBA star Jewell Loyd is coming off a championship and is now headed to Tokyo to compete in her first ever Olympic Games. Despite her busy schedule, the three-time All-Star is thinking about how she can help the next generation of basketball players. 
The European Union has unveiled some of the world's most ambitious proposals to reduce carbon emissions and wean its 27 members off fossil fuels, including taxes on emissions-heavy imports into the union and non-renewable energy, such as oil, gas and coal.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about Northern Ireland. 
Pope Francis was discharged from Gemelli University Hospital in Rome on Wednesday, 10 days after undergoing surgery for colon diverticulitis.
Rugby union player Quade Cooper says Australia has repeatedly denied him citizenship -- despite representing the country 70 times as a member of the national team.
Almost £180 million ($249 million) in cryptocurrency has been seized by London's Metropolitan Police -- the biggest confiscation in the UK, the force said.
Christian Pulisic has been criticized by conservationists for posting a video on Instagram of himself performing football tricks above a goliath grouper fish, before falling into the water and landing on top of the vulnerable marine species. 
You have to go back all the way to September 10, 2018 for last time the Italian national team lost a game of football.
Formula One driver Lando Norris had his watch stolen after attending the Euro 2020 final at Wembley Stadium on Sunday, his McLaren team has said.
Roger Federer, the four-time Olympian and all-time great tennis champion, announced Tuesday that he would not represent Switzerland in the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, saying that a recent setback with his knee forced the decision.
As Europe struggles with a rising number of coronavirus cases caused by the Delta variant, several countries are making vaccinations compulsory for health care workers, and some leaders are even considering making shots mandatory for all. 
A dramatic government health advertisement showing a young woman gasping for air while on a ventilator has sparked a backlash in Australia, with social media users criticizing its targeting of young people for coronavirus vaccination -- the majority of whom are not yet eligible to receive the recommended shot.
Police in Georgia were forced to eject dozens of people from Parliament after journalists and opposition lawmakers tried to force their way into the lower house in protest of a news cameraman's death, according to agency video footage and reports.
The English Football Association is facing an investigation by European football's governing body UEFA over the fan disorder that occurred inside and around Wembley Stadium at Sunday's Euro 2020 final.
The United States Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) says it wants more flexible rules for athletes who test positive for cannabis after the White House was reported to be seeking a meeting with the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) to discuss easing restrictions.
International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach has called Tokyo the "best ever prepared city" to host the Olympics with 10 days to go until the opening ceremony.
A team of researchers from the University of Geneva has hauled a huge laser atop a mountain to shoot it at the sky and act as a high-tech lightning rod.
A derelict plot on the banks of the Danube River in Budapest may seem an unusual epicenter for a political earthquake.
Football fans often joke that "it's the hope that kills you," though if you're an England fan it's more likely to be a penalty shootout that will result in your metaphorical demise.
When the referee blew the final whistle and confirmed England had reached the final of Euro 2020 last week, television cameras quickly honed in on Gareth Southgate. 
On a night fraught with tension, Italy clinched its first major title for 15 years with a penalty shootout win over England in the Euro 2020 final.
Fresh off a monster Game 3 performance in the NBA Finals to keep his Milwaukee Bucks alive in the series against the Phoenix Suns, Giannis Antetokounmpo downplayed his own contribution .
The online racial abuse of some England players following Sunday's Euro 2020 final defeat by Italy has been described by the team's manager Gareth Southgate as "unforgivable" and "just not what we stand for."
Conor McGregor said he was feeling "tremendous" after undergoing surgery for a broken leg suffered during his fight with Dustin Poirier on Saturday.
The Italian squad made a triumphant return to Italy on Monday after its penalty shootout win over England in the Euro 2020 final at Wembley Stadium.
Read CNN's Fast Facts on Wimbledon, the Grand Slam tennis tournament that is played on grass courts.

Euro 2020 has been delayed by a year, but that seems to have only ramped up the excitement levels for the 2020 European football championships, and the final game is Sunday.
The Pope appeared in public on Sunday for the first time since undergoing surgery for colon diverticulitis last week, as he held his weekly Angelus prayer from a hospital window.
After winning his 20th grand slam in Sunday's Wimbledon final, Novak Djokovic said he was "50-50" on participating at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
 Argentina won their first major title in 28 years on Saturday and Lionel Messi finally won his first medal in a blue-and-white shirt when an Angel Di Maria goal gave them a 1-0 win over Brazil and a record-equaling 15th Copa America.
The European Union is bracing for a difficult autumn. 
In an anticlimactic and painful end to their third and much-anticipated match-up, Dustin Poirier beat Conor McGregor by TKO in the first round in the UFC 264  Saturday night after McGregor appeared to have broken his leg or ankle.
A small group of football fans without tickets breached the security cordon around the venue hosting Sunday's Euro 2020 final between England and Italy, according to a Wembley Stadium spokesperson.
Niamh Burns is organizing a special 20-year reunion for her schoolmates this year. But while the accomplishments of the "Courageous Classes of 2001" are worth celebrating, the date they are commemorating is not. 
Euro 2020 has been delayed by a year, but that seems to have only ramped up the excitement levels for the 2020 European football championships, and the final game is today.
Novak Djokovic equaled the men's record for most grand slam single's titles after beating Matteo Berrettini in the Wimbledon final on Sunday. 
Boxer Chris Eubank's son Sebastian has died in Dubai days before his 30th birthday, and a month after he became a father, UK's PA Media reported Saturday, citing a statement from the family.
When Lionel Messi steps out onto the pitch for Saturday's Copa America final, it could be his last chance to win a trophy with Argentina.
Ashleigh Barty clinched her first Wimbledon title after beating Karolina Pliskova 6-3 6-7 (4-7) 6-3 in the women's final on Saturday.
Pope Francis is gradually resuming work, is walking, his blood tests are "satisfactory" and "he is continuing the prescribed treatment" following last week's surgery, according to a spokesperson for the Holy See on Saturday. 
The English Football Association (FA) has been fined $35,600 (30,000 euros) by UEFA after a supporter pointed a laser at the key moment of England's Euro 2020 semifinal win over Denmark on Wednesday.
Queen Elizabeth II sent a message of support to England national football team manager Gareth Southgate on Saturday, the evening before England's showdown with Italy at Wembley Stadium in London.
Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios has confirmed his withdrawal from the Tokyo Olympics, saying a ban on spectators attending the Games was a factor behind his decision.
Defending champion Novak Djokovic was in ruthless form on Friday as he beat the hardworking Denis Shapovalov to reach this year's Wimbledon final. 
Matteo Berrettini put on a stunning display of power hitting to bludgeon his way past the gutsy Hubert Hurkacz and reach his first Wimbledon final.
A pair of battered looking track and field spikes -- handmade by Nike co-founder Bill Bowerman -- featuring a "prototype logo" could fetch $1.2 million at auction, according to Sotheby's.
Nine people have been killed after a plane carrying skydivers crashed near the runway at Orebro airport in Sweden.
A press conference of Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez and Lithuanian President Gitanas Nauseda at a Lithuanian air base was interrupted on Thursday when Spanish jets were scrambled to respond to the launch of a Russian warplane.
Giannis Antetokounmpo found his stride Thursday night.
Why the royals' appearance at major events matters.
Read CNN's Norway Terror Attacks Fast Facts and learn about the 2011 Norwegian terrorist attacks by Anders Breivik that killed 77 people.
A Metropolitan Police officer pleaded guilty Friday to murdering marketing executive Sarah Everard, whose disappearance while walking home in London prompted an outpouring across social media from women sharing their own experiences of sexual assault and harassment.
Mark Cavendish raced to his 34th stage win at the Tour de France on Friday to equal the record held by the legendary Belgium cyclist Eddy Merckx.
As a child in Austria, Elie Rosen was told to keep his head down. But as he suffered amid rising anti-Semitism across Europe, he decided to stand up for his faith and his heritage. 
England reached its first men's major tournament final since winning the World Cup in 1966 after beating Denmark 2-1 at Euro 2020 in a gripping encounter on Wednesday at Wembley Stadium.
Ukraine's Ministry of Defense has said it will give female soldiers "more comfortable" heels with a different kind of lacing, following a sexism outcry over its decision to train troops to march in high heeled footwear.
On Thursday the European Parliament condemned in the "strongest possible terms" a new law in Hungary which many critics say is homophobic, and urged the European Commission to impose punitive measures such as budget cuts.
Tokyo venues for the pandemic-delayed Tokyo 2020 Olympics will not have spectators due to the city's coronavirus state of emergency through the Games, according to the Japanese Olympic Committee.
Luxembourg's Prime Minister Xavier Bettel has left hospital after four days of treatment for Covid-19, according to a government announcement Thursday.
When Nigerian Georgia Oboh began playing golf, she struggled to identify role models in her sport, so she took inspiration from elsewhere -- in particular, from tennis greats Serena Williams and Naomi Osaka. 
Naomi Osaka says the press conference format between journalists and athletes is "out of date," as the Japanese star penned a first-person essay on mental health in TIME magazine's latest issue.
Ashleigh Barty booked her place in a first Wimbledon final with an impressive straight sets win over Angelique Kerber.
Roger Federer was knocked out of Wimbledon by world No.18 Hubert Hurkacz on Wednesday.
After waiting 16 years to appear in the NBA Finals, Chris Paul made his debut count. 
As Britain looks to shake off the last of its coronavirus restrictions, despite an ongoing battle to contain a shape-shifting virus, many people are wary of returning to the office, taking public transport or grabbing a pint at the pub.
"What am I if I'm not a good tennis player?" Naomi Osaka asks in the trailer for her new self-titled Netflix documentary series.
Prince Charles invited the band of the Coldstream Guards to play instrumental versions of English football supporters' favorite anthems "Three Lions" and "Sweet Caroline" at his London residence, ahead of the country's appearance in the Euro 2020 semi-final.
Italy reached the final of Euro 2020 after edging past Spain in a dramatic penalty shootout on Tuesday.
Spanish police have arrested three people over the killing of a male nursing assistant in a suspected homophobic attack that prompted protests across the country. 
Argentina will face Brazil in the Copa América final on Saturday after defeating Colombia on penalties. 
Celebrity Dutch crime reporter Peter R. de Vries, known for his investigative work exposing the criminal underworld, is "fighting for his life" after being shot in the country's capital, police authorities said on Tuesday.  
US star sprinter Sha'Carri Richardson was left off the roster for the US track and field team that will compete at the Olympics in Tokyo, according to the team list released Tuesday by USA Track & Field (USATF). 
When Youras Ziankovich, a lawyer with American citizenship, returned to his Moscow hotel after a lunch date with a friend in April, he found four men waiting for him in the street.  
Ukraine's Ministry of Defense has defended its decision to train female soldiers to march in high heels, following an outcry from local lawmakers.
Emma Raducanu says she'll "come back stronger" after her fairytale maiden run at Wimbledon ended on Monday evening after she retired from her fourth-round match with "breathing difficulties."
Brown trout can become addicted to the illegal drug methamphetamine after it passes from users into waterways, researchers revealed.
An Austrian had the kind of morning that nightmares are made of on Monday when a python slid through his drains and bit him while he was sitting on the toilet.
They are two of the longest suffering franchises and fanbases in US sports, but for one of these NBA teams, the drought will end this year. 
The Spanish government approved a law on Tuesday to define all non-consensual sex as rape, part of a legislative overhaul that toughens penalties for sexual harassment and mandates more support systems for victims.
Gail Devers' first Olympic gold medal could hardly have come in more dramatic circumstances, dipping for the line in a blanket finish thought to be the closest ever 100m final. 
Jessica Springsteen is in line to make her Olympic debut after being named in the US equestrian jumping team for Tokyo. 
The Australian Grand Prix has been axed for the second year in a row with the 21st round of the Formula One championship a victim of the country's tight border controls, organizers said on Tuesday.
Brazil won their Copa América semifinal match 1-0 against Peru at the Estádio Nilton Santos in Rio de Janeiro on Tuesday, taking them through to the final.
A passenger plane with 28 people on board crashed in Russia's far eastern Kamchatka peninsula on Tuesday, Russia's aviation agency told CNN.
Ashleigh Barty cruised through to the semifinals at Wimbledon on Tuesday after a dominant performance against fellow Australian, Ajla Tomljanovic. 
Matiss Kivlenieks, a goaltender for the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League, died Sunday night after a fireworks accident at the home of the team's goaltending coach, a spokesperson for the organization said Tuesday.
Luxembourg's Prime Minister Xavier Bettel remains in "serious but stable" in hospital after contracting Covid-19, his spokesperson said Tuesday. 
A Jewish man was subjected to anti-Semitic abuse in London twice in the space of one evening while traveling on public transportation, his brother has said, as videos of the altercations went viral on social media.
Longtime University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) football coach Terry Donahue died Sunday at the age of 77, the school announced.
UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has set out his plan to lift most of England's remaining coronavirus restrictions by mid-July, despite warnings from some experts that the current surge of Delta variant cases across the country means such a move is premature. 
As Harry Kane scored England's second goal in its historic win over Germany at Wembley Stadium, UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson raised his arms overhead in celebration. 
A humanitarian ship that rescued over 400 migrants at sea in recent weeks has been seized by Italian authorities, in a move that French medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) warned would endanger the lives of migrants in the Mediterranean.
Georgia has launched an investigation into violence against LGBTQ campaigners and journalists, after protesters on Monday stormed offices ahead of a planned pride march in the country's capital Tbilisi.
The Duchess of Cambridge is self-isolating after coming into contact with someone who has since tested positive for Covid-19, a spokesperson for Kensington Palace told CNN on Monday. 
Former Wallabies player Israel Folau, who was embroiled in controversy after an anti-gay post on social media, has returned to rugby union after agreeing to sign for NTT Communications Shining Arcs, the Japanese outfit said on Monday.
The tiny piece of bone that once belonged to a giant Ice Age deer features a chevron design and is changing how we think about Neanderthals.
The Milwaukee Bucks are returning to the NBA Finals for the first time since 1974 after Khris Middleton and Jrue Holiday combined for 59 points in a 118-107 victory over the host Atlanta Hawks that wrapped up a 4-2 triumph in the Eastern Conference finals on Saturday night.
Pope Francis has "reacted well" after undergoing surgery Sunday for colon diverticulitis, according to the Vatican.
Advocates for greater diversity in sport say that level of backlash shows the fight for inclusion isn't over. And, rather than damaging women's sport, creating better policies for diversity can help all women.
It looks like there's no stopping Max Verstappen this season in Formula One as the Red Bull driver cruised to victory in the Austrian Grand Prix.
At least four people have died in Cyprus from an ongoing wildfire ravaging the country, the country's Interior Minister Nicos Nouris said Sunday. 
After being suspended for a month from the US Olympic team, track star Sha'Carri Richardson tweeted Sunday morning that she will be "your World Champ next year." 
Face masks are set to become a "personal choice" in England with the further easing of coronavirus restrictions, a senior UK government minister said Sunday.
Prince Charles has revealed some of his favorite songs -- including one song that would give him "an irresistible urge to get up and dance."
Namibian sprinters Christine Mboma and Beatrice Masilingi have been ruled ineligible to compete in the women's 400m at the Tokyo Olympics due to naturally high testosterone levels, the Namibia National Olympic Committee and Commonwealth Games Association (NNOC-CGA) said in a statement Friday.
England reached the semifinals of the European championships for the first time in 25 years after an impressive 4-0 win against Ukraine in Rome on Saturday.
The Vatican has indicted 10 people, including an Italian cardinal, for several alleged financial crimes including extortion, corruption, fraud, forgery, embezzlement and abuse of power.
Briton Emma Raducanu is enjoying quite the start to her professional tennis career as the 18-year-old reached Wimbledon's fourth round on Saturday.
Lewis Hamilton has extended his contract with Mercedes until 2023, the Formula One team announced on Saturday.
The Australian state of New South Wales recorded its biggest daily rise in Covid-19 infections this year, even as residents in several major cities across the country were released from snap lockdowns on Saturday.
The estranged brothers will always step up for the causes closest to their hearts.
Spain needed a nerve-shredding penalty shootout to beat Switzerland and reach the semifinals of Euro 2020 on Friday. 
Italy narrowly overcame Belgium in one of the most thrilling games of Euro 2020 to book a date with Spain in the semifinals.
Switzerland has chosen Lockheed Martin's F-35A Lightning II as its next-generation fighter jet, the government said on Wednesday, angering opponents who have pledged a new referendum to overturn what they dubbed an unnecessary "Ferrari" option.
US track and field star Sha'Carri Richardson has been suspended for one month from the Olympic team after testing positive for THC, a chemical found in marijuana, the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency (USADA) announced on Friday.
The Italian government blocked UK residents from attending Saturday's Euro 2020 Ukraine v England match in Rome, asking the European football's governing body to cancel their tickets as concerns mount over another wave of Covid-19 in Europe. 
US athlete Gwen Berry says she is still thinking about how potentially to mark the moment if she were to reach the podium at the Tokyo OIympics given her history of protesting at major track and field events.
Norway's Karsten Warholm broke Kevin Young's 29-year-old 400m hurdles world record when he completed the race in 46.70 seconds in front of his home fans at the Diamond League meeting in Oslo on Thursday.
The US added Turkey to a list of countries that are implicated in the use of child soldiers over the past year, placing a NATO ally for the first time in such a list, in a move that is likely to further complicate the already fraught ties between Ankara and Washington.

At just 12 years of age, Abhimanyu Mishra has become the youngest grandmaster in chess history. 
The European Union will work to phase out caged animal farming across the bloc, after a petition calling for an end to the practice gathered more than a million signatures. 
The Euro 2020 round of 16 clashes provided some of the greatest entertainment the European Championships have ever seen.
Earlier this month, Olivia Moultrie, a 15-year-old soccer player from California, was granted permission by a federal judge to sign with a National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) club after ruling that the league can't enforce its age rule requiring players to be at least 18 to sign a professional contract with one of the league's clubs.
Márton Pál feels like he is in a parallel universe. 
Read CNN's July 21 2005 London Bombings Fast Facts and learn about the unsuccessful terrorist attacts in London. No one was killed or injured in the attacks.
Sixteen-year veteran Chris Paul has finally reached his first NBA Finals after inspiring the Phoenix Suns to a 130-103 win over the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday.
A British man has been found guilty of a spate of "savage" stabbing attacks on 16 pet cats in the coastal city of Brighton, southern England, Sussex Police has confirmed.
Turkey officially withdrew on Thursday from an international treaty to prevent violence against women, enacting a decision that drew condemnation from many Turks and Western allies when President Tayyip Erdogan announced it in March.
Caster Semenya again failed to achieve the Olympic qualifying time for the women's 5000m when she finished fourth at a meeting in Liege on Wednesday, but she would not have been included in South Africa's team for the Tokyo Games even if she had.
A team of US veterans have begun digging up a field in England in the hope of finding the remains of three missing airmen -- 77 years after their deaths in World War II.
It was in the stands of Beijing's Bird's Nest stadium that David Brown's dreams of a career in track and field started to take hold. 
Spending on international transfer fees over the last decade increased from $2.66 billion in 2012 to a peak of $7.35 billion in 2019, while players' agents received $3.5 billion in commissions, a study by world governing body FIFA said.
If you get the chance to visit the White House, it's an occasion you're likely to never forget.
When Novak Djokovic and Vasek Pospisil launched a breakaway players' association in 2020, it proved divisive. Almost a year on and the issue is still proving contentious. 
Read Fast Facts from CNN about Great Britain's Houses of Parliament, located on the Thames River in London. 
Lionel Messi made his highly-anticipated Paris Saint-Germain debut on Sunday, coming on as a second half substitute for old friend Neymar in the team's 2-0 Ligue 1 win over Reims.
A history-making US Paralympic gold medalist, who was blinded while serving with the American military in Afghanistan, says he questions whether or not the 20-year long "war on terror" was worth it.
Indian athlete Avani Lekhara became the first woman from her country to win Paralympic gold in the history of the Games, after scoring 249.6 in the women's 10m air rifle standing final at Tokyo on Monday.
Patrick Cantlay held his nerve to outlast Bryson DeChambeau to win the BMW Championship in Baltimore, Maryland on Sunday. 
Sunday's rainswept Belgian Grand Prix will go down in history as Formula One's shortest ever race, and also as a leading contender for most farcical.
Manchester City put on a stunning display to thrash Arsenal 5-0 at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday, dropping the Gunners to the bottom of the Premier League table with their third consecutive loss. 
Former International Olympic Committee President Jacques Rogge has died at the age of 79, the organization announced Sunday.
Pagonis, who at just 17 is a newly minted gold medalist, just made major waves at her very first Paralympic Games. With sweetly funny TikToks, athletic prowess and irresistible positivity, she's becoming one of her sport's brightest stars. 
Anyone who has followed the internal politics of the European Union over the past few years will know that the bloc, which relies on unity and mutual appreciation of rules, has struggled to stay on the same page on several important issues. 
Three-time grand slam champion Andy Murray says he hopes more tennis players decide to get a Covid-19 vaccine in order to keep the "wider public" safe. 
YouTuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul has found his way back into the ring, this time to fight former UFC welterweight champ Tyron Woodley.
Less than two months ahead of the regular season tip-off, the NBA says it's requiring referees and other personnel who work with players during the 2021-22 season to be fully vaccinated.
Time was of the essence following the rapid and chilling Taliban takeover of their country. 
Four-time grand slam champion Naomi Osaka says "there's a lot of things" she "did wrong" during her 2021 French Open withdrawal.
A Togo-flagged cargo ship sank on Saturday after hitting Greek islets in the Aegean Sea but all 16 crew were rescued, the Greek coast guard said.
As a 13-year-old, Leon Gissing would wait among the crowds of fans outside Chelsea's Stamford Bridge stadium in the hope of meeting one of the team's players.
Two Afghan athletes have arrived in the Tokyo 2020 Paralympic Village, following their safe evacuation from Afghanistan last weekend, the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) confirmed in a statement on Saturday. 
If you'd asked Tatyana McFadden two years ago whether she'd be competing at the 2020 Tokyo Paralympic Games, she would've been doubtful. 
Asiya Mohammed, a double amputee, has made history by becoming the first female rower to represent Kenya in an Olympic or Paralympic Games. 
Cristiano Ronaldo is set to leave Juventus this season, manager Massimiliano Allegri said in a news conference on Friday. 
Jon Rahm may be one of the bigger hitters on the PGA Tour, but having a short memory is a trait the Spaniard values even more.  
Manchester City defender Benjamin Mendy has been remanded in custody after appearing in court on Friday, charged with four counts of rape and one count of sexual assault.
Para swimmer Abbas Karimi says he wants to represent people with disabilities, as well as refugees when he competes at the Tokyo 2020 Paralympics.
Cristiano Ronaldo is set to re-sign for Manchester United subject to personal terms, visa and a medical assessment, the club announced on Friday. 
A man has been arrested on suspicion of contaminating food after processed meat and microwaveable products were injected with needles at three London stores.
Paris Saint-Germain will face Manchester City in this season's Champions League after the two giants were pitted against each other in the group stage draw on Thursday.
Twenty-three-time grand slam singles champion Serena Williams and her sister, seven-time major singles champion Venus Williams, will miss the final tennis major of the year, the US Open, the two announced on social media on Wednesday.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about Dmitry Medvedev and learn more about the former prime minister of Russia. 
Manchester City defender Benjamin Mendy has been charged by the Cheshire Constabulary with four counts of rape and one count of sexual assault.
Manchester City suffered a double blow on Wednesday as manager Pep Guardiola said he plans to leave the club in 2023 as Spurs striker Harry Kane announced he is staying at the London team.
Beatrice de Lavalette was 17 years old when she was at Brussels' Zaventem Airport, heading back to the US for spring break.
Sarah Storey clinched her 15th gold medal at Tokyo 2020 on Wednesday as she extended her incredible Paralympic legacy. 
Australia's new daily cases of Covid-19 topped 1,000 on Thursday for the first time since the global pandemic began, as two major hospitals in Sydney set up emergency outdoor tents to help deal with a rise in patients.
Marathon world record holder and Olympic champion Eliud Kipchoge hopes that technology will take "centre stage" as athletes strive for improvement and chase faster times in the future.
The award is the result of six-year investigation. 
Australian cyclist Paige Greco won the first gold of the Tokyo 2020 Paralympics on Wednesday with the Games, delayed by a year due to the pandemic, finally underway as new coronavirus cases surge in Japan's capital.
The Premier League says its clubs have "reluctantly but unanimously" decided not to release players for matches in countries on the UK's red-list for the upcoming international break next month.
The US Open will offer athletes mental health support during this year's tournament, in addition to typical health services, US Open officials said in a statement Tuesday. 
The year 2020 was Europe's hottest on record, according to a report published Wednesday by the American Meteorological Society, which also found it to be among the top three hottest years globally. 
Spanish football giants Real Madrid have made a €160 million ($188 million) bid for Paris Saint-Germain striker Kylian Mbappé, Spanish media reported on Tuesday.
German police have opened an attempted murder investigation after seven people who had consumed food and drink at a university kitchen showed symptoms of poisoning on Monday.
South Korean Han Sa-hyun lived and breathed basketball both as a player and a coach.
The U.S. Open will offer total prize money of $57.5 million this year, eclipsing the record payout of $57.2 million set in 2019, tournament organizers said on Monday.
Highly venomous olive sea snakes may "attack" scuba divers as part of misplaced courtship behaviors, according to a new study.
If you've been watching the Olympics this year, you may notice an unfamiliar abbreviation, ROC. It stands for the Russian Olympic Committee, and it allows Russian athletes to compete in the Olympics while their country is banned from the Games because of its doping scandal.
A nurse who delivered a baby girl on board an aircraft that evacuated people from Afghanistan has said her team was "expecting the worst, hoping for the best." 
Former ice hockey player Jimmy Hayes, who played seven seasons in the NHL and won an NCAA hockey championship at Boston College, has died at age 31. 
Record rainfall that triggered deadly floods in Western Europe in July was made between 1.2 and 9 times more likely by human-caused climate change, according to a new study.
Sixteen days after the closing ceremony of the Olympics, Japan is hosting its next global sporting event as the Tokyo 2020 Paralympic Games get underway. 
It's been five years, four months and 27 days for Tony Finau to feel the euphoria of standing in the winner's circle.
At least 30 athletes competing in the Tokyo Paralympics identify as LGBTQ -- a new high for LGBTQ representation at the Paralympic Games, by one count. 
The flag of Afghanistan will be used as a symbol of "solidarity and peace" as the Paralympic Games kick off in Tokyo on Tuesday. 
President of the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) Andrew Parsons told athletes that they were the "the best of humanity" as the Tokyo Paralympics kicked off with a vibrant Opening Ceremony on Tuesday.
A US veteran has traveled to Italy to be reunited with three siblings who he almost shot dead during World War II.
The first stage of the culmination of the PGA Tour season could be delayed for the second day in a row due to the ongoing effects of Tropical Storm Henri. 
His skin was burning, his bones were breaking and his tires were smoking.  
Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison hinted at an end to the country's zero Covid-19 infections strategy in an opinion piece published Sunday, warning Australians to expect a rise in infections as restrictions relax.
New Zealand Football (NZF) is reviewing its "All Whites" nickname as part of a cultural project run by the organization. 
A top-flight French league game between Nice and Marseille was abandoned on Sunday after fans invaded the pitch and a mass brawl broke out, involving players and staff.
Thousands of protesters defied coronavirus lockdowns to hit the streets of Australia's largest cities on Saturday, as the country recorded its highest single-day caseload since the pandemic began.
The two-time Paralympian announced on Tuesday that she would not be attending the Tokyo Games next month because she said the US Olympic & Paralympic Committee (USOPC) denied her request to bring her mother to serve as personal care assistant. She and her mother spoke Wednesday with "New Day" about the matter.

Olympic champion Elaine Thompson-Herah posted the second-fastest women's 100-meter time in history at the Eugene Diamond League competition Saturday. 
Hall of Fame hockey player Rod Gilbert, fondly known as "Mr. Ranger," died on Sunday. He was 80 years old.
Want a Brazil jersey owned by Pele? An All Blacks shirt signed by Dan Carter? A New York Yankees photo autographed by Derek Jeter? David Beckham's AC Milan shirt?
Anna Nordqvist held her nerve on the final hole to win this year's Women's Open at Carnoustie, Scotland, on Sunday. 
Detroit Tigers first baseman Miguel Cabrera hit his 500th career home run against the Toronto Blue Jays in Toronto on Sunday to become the 28th member of the exclusive 500 home run club.  
It's par for the course for a golfer's shot to occasionally land in a water hazard or the rough, but Hideki Matsuyama's drive ended up in a spectator's shirt at The Northern Trust tournament on Friday.
Friba Rezayee made history in 2004 when she became one of the first two Afghan women to compete at the Olympic Games.
Greece has finished building a 40-kilometer (25-mile) wall along its border with Turkey, amid concerns in parts of Europe that the Taliban's takeover of Afghanistan could cause an influx of people seeking asylum.
Cristiano Ronaldo has "never wanted to leave Juventus," according to the club's coach Massimiliano Allegri.
Diogo Jota and Sadio Mane scored Liverpool's goals in the 2-0 Premier League win over Burnley, but it was the performance of teenager Harvey Elliott that really caught the eye on Saturday.
The Euro 2020 soccer final between England and Italy in July was a "superspreader" event due to the level of COVID-19 infection found in or around London's Wembley Stadium on the day, according to official data published on Friday.
The All Blacks, the New Zealand men's rugby team, have canceled two tests against South Africa and a match against Australia because of Covid-19 travel restrictions. 
View CNN's Fast Facts to learn more about the Beslan School Siege in Russia which resulted in 334 deaths. 
Naomi Osaka suffered a shock defeat at the hands of Jil Teichmann in the Western & Southern Open on Thursday but says she can "sleep at night" knowing she tried her best throughout.
When US President Joe Biden finally broke his silence on the chaos unfolding in Afghanistan, European allies who'd had high hopes for a reset in the transatlantic alliance were left dismayed.  
A spokesman for the Greek government has pushed back on Stefanos Tsitsipas' comments in which he said he would only get vaccinated for Covid-19 if it became mandatory to compete in tennis.
Rafael Nadal announced on Friday that he will miss the remainder of the 2021 season with a foot injury and will therefore take no part in this month's US Open -- the final tennis grand slam of the year.
The pregnant princess is the latest royal to get candid about the challenges she's faced.  
On August 15, Khalida Popal watched from Denmark as her country fell into the grip of the Taliban.
For Jay Litherland, being an Olympian was always the ambition.
Team Ireland athlete Patrick Flanagan said he was "gutted" when he found out that his wheelchair had been broken on his journey to Tokyo to compete in the 2020 Paralympic Games. 
A teenager on Afghanistan's youth national football team was one of the victims that fell from the US military C-17 aircraft on Monday, Afghanistan's General Directorate of Physical Education and Sports confirmed in a statement on social media Thursday morning. 
Naomi Osaka says the heartbreaking situations in Haiti and Afghanistan have made her feel grateful for her tennis career. 
Polish javelin thrower Maria Andrejczyk has auctioned off her Tokyo 2020 Olympic silver medal to fund urgent heart surgery for an eight-month-old baby. 
The subject of swirling transfer speculation, Juventus forward Cristiano Ronaldo has posted on social media saying he "can't allow people to keep playing around with my name."
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) president said on Wednesday that it was sad that Afghan athletes trapped in Kabul would not be able to compete in the Games and heartbreaking to watch a female athlete's video plea for help in reaching Tokyo.
From sleeping in motorway bushes to a rousing rendition of happy birthday from a packed major championship crowd, a caddie's life is never dull. 
The 2021 Japanese Formula One Grand Prix has been canceled due to the Covid-19 pandemic for the second successive year, race organizers said on Wednesday.
Defending US Open champion Dominic Thiem announced that he will miss the 2021 edition of the tournament -- and the rest of the season -- due to an ongoing wrist injury. 
The NFL's Las Vegas Raiders announced Monday that the franchise will require fans to provide proof of Covid-19 vaccination to attend home games this season at their gleaming new Allegiant Stadium.
Naomi Osaka, preparing to compete in her first tennis tournament since the Tokyo Olympics, briefly took a break during a pre-tournament news conference on Monday after she started crying.
Tim Tebow's brief stint as a Jacksonville Jaguar is over after the NFL team announced Tuesday morning that it had waived the quarterback-turned-tight end.
No Harry Kane? No problem. Tottenham Hotspur stunned Manchester City on Sunday, grinding out a gritty 1-0 win, despite the absence of the London's club star striker, who has been linked with a move to the reigning Premier League champion.
World No.3 Stefanos Tsitsipas said he would only get the Covid-19 vaccine if it became mandatory to compete in tennis.
The Tokyo 2020 Paralympics will not have any spectators as the Covid-19 situation in Japan remains serious, according to organizers. 
Carli Lloyd, who is one of the most successful players in the history of the United States Women's National Team (USWNT), is to retire from professional football.
Tennis great Roger Federer will miss the US Open later this month and possibly the rest of the season, after announcing that he needs another knee surgery which will sideline him for "many months."
American BMX rider Connor Fields says he is "progressing nicely" after he suffered brain shearing and bleeding, intubation, a broken rib and a collapsed lung following his crash at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics.
Flash floods across Turkey's Black Sea coast have killed 58 people, officials said Sunday. 
Barcelona started its new post-Lionel Messi era with a thrilling 4-2 win against Real Sociedad on Sunday. 
The Covid-19 pandemic has presented a golden window to undermine confidence in the media and, in some cases, for world leaders to launch outright assaults on some of the most respected and important journalistic institutions in their countries.
Former Australian rugby player and Rugby World Cup winner Toutai Kefu and his family have been injured after being attacked in their home in Brisbane, Australia.
The continuation of a legacy was how Nico Ali Walsh -- the grandson of Muhammad Ali -- described making his professional boxing debut in the sport on Saturday.
The modern-era record in Major League Baseball for most no-hitters thrown in a season was broken on Saturday in a sensational way, as a pitcher achieved the feat in his first career big league start.
Naomi Osaka has pledged to donate her earnings from next week's Western & Southern Open to support earthquake relief efforts in Haiti, the Caribbean nation her father hails from.
German soccer great Gerd Müller, who scored a remarkable 566 goals in 607 competitive appearances for Bayern Munich, died on Sunday at the age of 75.
Hundreds of thousands of fans attended English Premier League matches this weekend for the first time in nearly 18 months, though one game was marred by homophobic chanting and another by "isolated incidents of disorder" ahead of kick off.
Jake Davison, the 22-year-old man who shot dead five people in the English city of Plymouth on Thursday, made repeated misogynist remarks on social media that echoed the ideology of "incel," a movement of men who often claim they feel unfairly denied sex by women or girls.
A BBC journalist working in Moscow has said she feels shocked she is being expelled from Russia, in what her employer, Britain's public broadcaster, has said is a "direct assault on media freedom."
Additional Australian military personnel will be deployed to enforce tighter Covid-19 restrictions in the greater Sydney area next week, authorities announced Saturday, as the entire state of New South Wales (NSW) prepares to go under lockdown.
Manchester United paraded new signing Raphaël Varane before its match against Leeds United at Old Trafford on Saturday and then treated the French international to an impressive win in its first match of the new Premier League season.
The reviews are in for Arsenal's performance against Brentford in the English Premier League's opening match on Friday and they make for grim reading if you're a Gunners fan.
The aircraft's five crew members were Russian and three Turkish nationals were also on board. The plane was sent by Russia to Turkey to help douse wildfires that have swept across the country in recent weeks.
European officials accuse Belarus' authoritarian regime of allowing growing numbers of migrants to cross the border into Lithuania unimpeded as part of a high-stakes game with the European Union.
At least five people have been killed and a suspect found dead after Britain's worst mass shooting in over a decade took place in Plymouth, southwest England, police have said.
It wasn't that long ago that six of the English Premier League's biggest teams -- Liverpool, Chelsea, Manchester United, Manchester City, Arsenal and Tottenham -- sparked outrage for signing up to the proposed European Super League (ESL). 
The medal-bite is a familiar photo opportunity for winning athletes at the Olympic Games. 
The Queen was welcomed back to her beloved Scottish estate, Balmoral Castle, Monday for her annual summer residency Monday. Less than 24 hours later, Britain's royal family was dragged back into crisis as it emerged Prince Andrew was being sued.
British sprinter Chijindu Ujah, who won a silver medal in the 4x100m relay at the Tokyo Olympics last week, has been provisionally suspended for a doping violation, the Athletics Integrity Unit (AIU) announced on Thursday. 
Chelsea has completed the signing of Belgium star Romelu Lukaku from Inter Milan on a five-year deal in a move that reunites the star striker with his former club.
Alphonso Davies has packed a lot into his life for a 20 year old.
Australian Olympic athletes returning from Tokyo to South Australia via Sydney will be forced to undergo a double quarantine of 28 days, a mandate that has been described as "cruel and uncaring" by the country's Olympic Committee.
Around the age of 16, I arrived at an uncomfortable conclusion: As a Manchester United fan from London, I was among the most hated demographics in English football.  
It's a situation we can all relate to: You get on the wrong bus, lose track of time and come close to missing an important appointment -- or in the case of Hansle Parchment, almost don't make your semifinal in the 110 meters hurdles at the Olympic Games.
The city of Siracusa hit the blistering record Wednesday as a persistent heat wave around the Mediterranean in Europe and North Africa has contributed to some of the worst fires seen there in years.

Kepa Arrizabalaga came off the bench and produced the winning save as Chelsea defeated Villarreal on penalties to lift the UEFA Super Cup. 
From Kenya's Eliud Kipchoge to Egypt's Feryal Abdelaziz, the Tokyo 2020 Olympics provided plenty of highlights and historical moments by African athletes.
Read CNN's Fast Facts for some background information about Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko.
A Russian millionaire and politician has confessed to shooting a man he says he mistook for a bear.
"They always told me I could go back (to school) whenever. So, this is whenever."
Lionel Messi tells CNN that Paris Saint-Germain is the "ideal" place for him to win the UEFA Champions League once again. 
Eight people were feared dead after a helicopter carrying 16 people, most of them tourists, crashed in a lake on the Kamchatka peninsula in Russia's Far East on Thursday.
There was a time when Prince Andrew had it all: A decorated war hero, a playboy prince, an international ambassador for the British brand, living the life of priviledge. But those days seem long gone. Instead, the Duke of York -- who is ninth in line to the British throne -- is being sued for alleged sexual abuse.
America's most popular fashion doll Barbie has received widespread criticism on social media for not featuring an Asian Barbie in their collection dedicated to the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games. 
Facebook said on Tuesday it had removed a network of accounts from Russia that it linked to a marketing firm which aimed to enlist influencers to push anti-vaccine content about the Covid-19 jabs.
As he bid a tearful farewell to Barcelona on Sunday, football superstar Lionel Messi said a move to Paris Saint-Germain was "a possibility."
A nurse is being investigated by police in Germany for allegedly replacing Covid-19 vaccines with saline solution.
A British embassy employee, suspected of spying for Russia, has been arrested in Germany, British and German authorities said on Wednesday.  
"Unbelievable," was how Neeraj Chopra described his victory in the men's javelin on Saturday as he became the first Indian athlete to win an Olympic gold medal in track and field.
Greece is facing a "natural disaster of unprecedented proportions," as 586 wildfires burn in "all corners" of the country, according to Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis. 
Lionel Messi has officially signed for French club Paris Saint-Germain, bringing his long-term association with FC Barcelona to an end.
An Australian family is mourning the loss of a five-month-old girl who died after her mother tried to protect her from a swooping magpie. 
Neeraj Chopra's historic gold medal in the men's javelin event in Tokyo on Saturday brought the nation's Olympics performance to a spectacular close. 
Baltimore Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson has now had Covid-19 twice, but when asked by reporters Monday whether the Ravens have spoken to him about getting vaccinated, he was noncommittal on vaccines. 
Australia's most populous state has expanded its Covid-19 lockdown to include a rural town and the coastal region of Byron Bay, as the city of Sydney recorded its highest daily case count since the beginning of the pandemic.
Australia's Parliament House and the Prime Minister's residence were vandalized on Tuesday morning with messages accusing the government of not doing enough to protect the country from the catastrophic effects of the climate crisis.
Team USA avenged its early Olympic loss to France by beating the French men's basketball team 87-82 for the gold medal on Saturday in the Japanese city of Saitama.
Former New Zealand Olympic cyclist Olivia Podmore has died, the New Zealand Olympic Committee (NZOC) confirmed in a statement.
The final medals are being awarded in the closing ceremony of the Tokyo Olympics, wrapping two weeks of competition overshadowed by Covid-19.
Sometimes, as a golfer, even though you're trying your hardest, you can feel your round slipping away. 
An Australian Army soldier suffered serious head and chest injuries after being mauled by a crocodile that attacked him late on Friday, Australia media reported, with a colleague who came to his rescue in Queensland's far north also bitten.
Following an investigation, the Colorado Rockies have backtracked after accusing a fan of saying a racial slur, concluding the man instead was calling out the name of the team's mascot.
Perched beside the river Seine, in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower, Paris' Trocadéro gardens are no stranger to crowds.
After making history with his victory at the Open earlier this month, Collin Morikawa might well be the favorite to win Olympic gold in the country where half his family is from. 
On September 10, 2020, motorcycle racer Ana Carrasco was lying in the gravel at the side of Lisbon's famous Estoril circuit, barely conscious, surrounded by concerned medics.
At the ages of just 24 and 25 respectively, Anders Mol and Christian Sørum are at the top of their game. 
Lukashenko denied that state repression exists in Belarus on Monday, while answering questions from Belarusian and foreign media. 
After winning the men's Olympic marathon at Tokyo 2020, Eliud Kipchoge disarmingly remarked that he'd "wanted to test my fitness" and gauge how he was "feeling."
Bobby Bowden, the famed college football coach who led Florida State University for over 30 years and transformed the Tallahassee team into a powerhouse, died Sunday, the school said in a statement. He was 91.
Check out CNN's Enrico Letta Fast Facts for a look at the life of the former Italian prime minister.
The NBA Summer League game between the Washington Wizards and Indiana Pacers has been postponed due to the league's health and safety protocols.
A fast track and new developments in running shoe design have seen a number of records broken at the Tokyo Olympics, but a leading sports scientist has warned athletes that they could be entering into a "Faustian bargain."
Gymnastics superstar Simone Biles left Tokyo on Wednesday with her fame intact, but changed from the person she had been before the games. 
Germany's modern pentathlon coach Kim Raisner has been disqualified from Tokyo 2020 for hitting a horse, the Modern Pentathlon Federation (UIPM) said in a statement on Saturday.
It's one of the most famous monologues in cinema history. "Choose life," says Ewan McGregor in the 1996 film adaptation of Irvine Welsh's gritty novel about a group of drug addict friends.
Allyson Felix became the most decorated US track and field athlete in Olympics history after helping Team USA win the women's 400m sprint relay on Saturday. 
When Rebecca Smith sat down to watch New Zealand play the United States Women's National Team in a Tokyo 2020 football match last week, she was floored -- and not just because of the athletes' incredible prowess. 
Snickers in Spain has removed an advertisement and apologized for a "misunderstanding" after the film was branded homophobic. 
Flames swept through a residential town outside Athens overnight as wildfires burned across Greece for a fifth day on Saturday, and hundreds of people were evacuated by ferry from the island of Evia east of the capital.
Talk about "born to jump." Jessica Springsteen, Bruce Springsteen's daughter, helped her squad nab silver in the team jumping final at Equestrian Park at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics on Saturday.
When Sky Brown took her last run in the women's park skateboarding final at the Tokyo Olympics, she knew she had to step up. 
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson continued a tour of Scotland after a member of his team tested positive for Covid-19, deciding not to self-isolate even as others on the trip did.
Valentino Rossi, one of the greatest and most charismatic of motorcycling champions, called time on his MotoGP career on Thursday and looked forward to a future in car racing.
Juventus has apologized after a tweet was posted on its women's team's official account showing a player making a racist gesture towards Asian people.
In 2008, Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce made Olympic history at the Beijing Games, when she and fellow Jamaican sprinters Sherone Simpson and Kerron Stewart won their island's first-ever podium sweep in the women's 100m final. 
Janja Garnbret has become the first woman to win a gold medal in sports climbing at the Olympics, thanks largely to masterful bouldering and lead performances.
The International Olympic Committee has revoked the accreditation of two Belarusian coaches allegedly involved in trying to force sprinter Kristina Timanovskaya to return home against her will. 
The Sussexes let us peek into their California home for a very good reason.
Heat, humidity and tropical systems have been the nemesis of athletes during these Olympic Games, and the closing weekend will bring more of the same.
Some viewers of the Tokyo Olympics are baffled by the behavior of divers between plunges into the pool. Let us explain.
Canadian footballer Quinn made history at the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games by becoming the first trans and the first non-binary athlete to win a medal.
Three layers of electrified fence. New security cameras. A military guard and a sign saying "Entry forbidden." Windows with bars and reflective glass, on newly refurbished barrack buildings. All empty, bar the occasional security officer, deep in the forest of authoritarian Belarus. 
Its motto is "More than a club," a theme that bullish Barcelona President Joan Laporta riffed on at a media conference on Friday as he insisted that the La Liga team "is above" even Lionel Messi.
Sydney reported its worst day of the Covid-19 pandemic on Thursday with five deaths and a record rise in locally acquired infections as a weeks-long hard lockdown is struggling to contain the highly contagious Delta strain of the coronavirus.
American track and field legend Carl Lewis didn't hold back in his assessment of the US men's 4x100m relay team after the quartet finished sixth in its semifinal on Thursday.
Simone Biles has tweeted thanks to a Japanese gym for allowing her to privately train while she attempted to regain her gold medal form after withdrawing during the women's artistic gymnastics team final at the Summer Olympics.
Lionel Messi is leaving Barcelona, the Spanish club said Thursday.
Aged 18, Alberto Ginés has just made two pieces of history at the Tokyo Olympics: he's the first person to be crowned a gold medalist in sports climbing, as well as Spain's youngest ever gold medal winner. 
Many think competing at the Olympics has increasingly become a young person's pursuit. 
Australia will create a reparations fund of 380 million Australian dollars ($280 million) for members of its Indigenous population who were forcibly removed from their families, Australian media reported on Thursday, months after 800 survivors filed a class action lawsuit.
English Premier League champion Manchester City completed the signing of England international Jack Grealish​ on a six-year contract on Thursday.
British police have arrested 11 people across the UK in connection with episodes of racist abuse targeting England football players on social media following the team's Euro 2020 final loss to Italy.
Adam Alexander works with the Heritage Seed Library to conserve rare vegetables. With many common species under threat from climate change, diversifying the crops we use could promote future food security
US gymnast Simone Biles has revealed that her aunt "unexpectedly" died during the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Read CNN's Fast Facts on Mick Jagger and learn more about the singer, songwriter and Rolling Stones front man.
Skateboarding is an Olympic event this year for the first time ever. Some skaters think the sport is selling out, but others believe the Games will broaden notions of which athletes can compete on a global stage.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about Meghan Markle, Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Sussex, wife of Great Britain's Prince Harry.  
Australian Olympians returning from the Tokyo 2020 games have been criticized over "excessive alcohol consumption" and "loud and disruptive" behavior on their flight home.
Belarusian sprinter Kristina Timanovskaya was set to compete in the women's 200 meters at the Tokyo Olympics on Monday, with hopes that her hard work would catapult her onto the awards podium. Instead, she has been thrust into the global spotlight for her moves off the track.
Olympic athletes train for years to push their bodies to the extreme at the Summer Games. 
US Olympic fencer and bronze medalist Race Imboden says he wore a black X symbol on his hand when he posed on the podium as a "demonstration."
Three people died and eight were seriously injured on Wednesday when a Munich-to-Prague express train ran through a stop signal and collided with a local commuter train in the Czech Republic, Czech authorities said.
South Korea plans to pursue a formal complaint in response to a Chinese Olympian who was heard repeatedly swearing during a badminton match between the two nations. 
Extreme heat and wildfires continued to plague parts of southern Europe on Wednesday, a day after the top temperature in Greece reached 47.1 degrees Celsius (117 degrees Fahrenheit) -- just shy of the highest ever recorded in Europe.
Twenty-six gold medals were won. Here's a breakdown of who's taking home the gold.
Belarusian Olympic sprinter Kristina Timanovskaya, who refused to fly home fearing she would be arrested, has arrived in Poland, where she has been granted a visa on humanitarian grounds.
Christian Eriksen has returned to the Inter Milan training ground for the first time since suffering a cardiac arrest while playing for Denmark at Euro 2020, the Italian club said on Wednesday.
The probe into US athlete Raven Saunders' X gesture at the Olympics has been suspended after she shared on social media that her mother has died, according to the International Olympic Committee (IOC). 
The Izu Velodrome witnessed a heated confrontation on Tuesday as Denmark and Great Britain track cyclists collided during the final lap of the men's team pursuit at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics. 
US shot-putter Raven Saunders has explained what the gesture she made following her silver medal at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics meant. 
Naomi Osaka discovered what it's like to be at the sharp end of a sporting governing body's regulations this summer. 
With the words of USA teammate Simone Biles resounding in her ears -- "Go out and kill floor" -- gymnast Jade Carey did just that at the Tokyo Olympics on Monday.
Twenty-six gold medals were won. Here's a breakdown of who's taking home the gold.
As Karsten Warholm crossed the finish line of the men's Olympic 400-meter hurdles final and registered the numbers on the stadium clock, his face turned to a mixture of exhaustion, elation and disbelief.
China's Guan Chenchen won gold in the women's balance beam final at the Tokyo Olympics as US gymnastics star Simone Biles overcame mental health challenges to claim a bronze.
Belarusian sprinter Kristina Timanovskaya was granted a humanitarian visa from Poland on Monday, hours after she refused to board a flight out of Japan saying she was being forced to return to her native country against her will and that she feared arrest. 
A Belarusian dissident who helped his countrymen flee persecution was found dead in a park on Tuesday in the Ukrainian capital of Kiev, where police have launched a murder investigation. 
US hammer thrower Gwen Berry says she is "ready to change some stuff for real" after raising her fist before the women's hammer throw final at Tokyo 2020 on Tuesday. 
To better enjoy new Olympic sports like skateboarding, climbing and karate, casual viewers may need to learn some new terms and phrases. 
Team USA gymnast Simone Biles will take part in Tuesday's balance beam final at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, USA Gymnastics has confirmed.
Twenty gold medals were won. Here's a breakdown of who's taking home the gold.
If competitive diving doesn't work out, Olympic gold medalist Tom Daley can always pursue a career as a knitwear designer. 
As soon as the gun sounds at the start of his first Olympic 5,000-meter race, Jamal Mohammed knows his nerves will disappear.
With her Tokyo Olympics drawn to a close, American swimmer Katie Ledecky can start to unwind.
Olympians taking part in Tokyo 2020 are competing for a chance to write a page in the history books -- and hopefully bring home a medal.
New Zealand weightlifter Laurel Hubbard became the first ​out transgender woman to compete in the 125-year history of the Olympics on Monday as she failed to register a lift in the women's super-heavyweight +87kg category. 
The United States Women's National Team narrowly lost to Canada 1-0 in the Olympic semifinals in Japan on Monday, ending the world champion's bid for the gold medal.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about Romano Prodi and learn more about the former prime minister of Italy.
They both cleared the highest bar, but when it came to deciding a winner, two Olympic high jumpers opted not to take it to a tie-breaker. 
Read CNN's Berlin Wall Fast Facts and learn more about the symbol of the Cold War and East/West relations. The Wall stood from 1961 to 1989.
When Olympic swimmer Yui Ohashi won gold in the women's 200m individual medley on Wednesday, she pulled off both a personal and historic achievement. 
The United Kingdom is using take-out food discounts and free taxi rides as incentives for young people to get their Covid-19 vaccines, the country's Department of Health said in a statement Sunday.
A Belarusian sprinter competing at the Tokyo Olympics released a video on Sunday calling for the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to help her avoid being returned to her native country against her will.
American swimmers Caeleb Dressel and Robert Finke won gold again on Sunday, as part of an exemplary effort from Team USA at the Summer Olympics in Tokyo.
Relief seemed to be the main emotion that sunk into Katie Ledecky's face as she touched the wall to claim her first gold medal of the Tokyo Olympics.
Alpine F1's Esteban Ocon powered through the Hungarian Grand Prix to clinch the first Formula One win of his career, while seven-time F1 world champion Lewis Hamilton finished third to retake the championship lead from Red Bull's Max Verstappen.
Italy's Lamont Marcell Jacobs set a new European record as he claimed a shock victory in the men's 100m at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
By definition, there can only be one rock bottom -- yet Barcelona seems to be discovering a new depth every few weeks.
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was sentenced on Thursday to one year in prison for illegal campaign financing in his failed 2012 re-election bid, making him the first French head of state in modern times to receive two jail terms.
A 96-year-old German woman who fled on Thursday before standing trial on charges of aiding and abetting murder in a Nazi concentration camp has been found by local authorities and will be brought before the court. 
A man charged with the "predatory" murder of 28-year-old London school teacher Sabina Nessa appeared in court on Thursday.
The Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics will be open to spectators -- but only if they live in mainland China, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) said Wednesday, as organizers gave a first glimpse into the country's plans to hold the event while enforcing a strict zero-Covid strategy.
Russia's former Imperial capital is set to play host to the wedding of a descendant of the Russian royal family in the first such event in more than a century.
Fans who gathered to watch two Victoria-based rivals play in one of Australia's top sporting events are partly to blame for a more than 50% increase in the state's daily reported Covid-19 cases, local officials said Thursday. 
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a dramatic 95th minute goal to rescue Manchester United and beat Villarreal 2-1 on Wednesday in the Champions League. 
He may only be 37 years old, but Dustin Johnson was the elder statesman of the US Ryder Cup team. 
The kidnap, rape and murder of Sarah Everard in London in March has sparked outrage and a national debate about violence against women in the United Kingdom.
Formula 1 announced on Thursday that a Qatar Grand Prix has been added to the 2021 calendar and that the Gulf state had agreed a long-term deal to host races in the country from 2023. 
A British police officer has been sentenced to life in prison without parole for the abduction, rape and murder of Sarah Everard, a case that sparked outrage and a national debate about violence against women. 
Eight weeks since he won Olympic gold with a somersaulting dive in Tokyo, Matty Lee's life is moving at a more sedate pace. 
Every Australian state and territory has committed to net zero by 2050, but the Morrison-led government won't make the same pledge, or bring its emissions goals closer to those of its allies, like the US, UK and European Union.
The NBA superstar says he would not advocate for the vaccine because it was not his place to impose his decision on others. 
Most golfers would have taken at least a few days off after playing a key role in the US' historic Ryder Cup victory. 
Wayne Couzens, the former police officer who has admitted to the kidnap, rape and murder of Sarah Everard, used his police identification and handcuffs to deceive her into getting into his car under the pretense that she had violated Covid-19 regulations, prosecutors said Wednesday at a London sentencing hearing. 
Boxing star Manny Pacquiao said on Sunday he will run for president of the Philippines next year, after railing against corruption in government and what he calls President Rodrigo Duterte's cozy relationship with China.
Sheriff Tiraspol produced one of the greatest upsets in Champions League history on Tuesday, defeating 13-time winner Real Madrid in its own back yard.
Unvaccinated NBA players who do not comply with local vaccination mandates will not be paid for the games they miss, announced Mike Bass, the NBA's executive president of communications, on Wednesday. 
Authorities in Spain's Canary Islands on Wednesday told residents on the western coast of La Palma to seal doors and windows with tape and wet towels to ward off toxic gases spewed by lava from the Cumbre Vieja volcano as it reached the sea.
Lionel Messi scored his first goal for Paris Saint-Germain on Tuesday night in a 2-0 victory over Manchester City in the Champions League. 
Former cyclist Jan Ullrich has said that he was "nearly dead" before a visit from Lance Armstrong, his rival during the 1990s and 2000s, helped him turn his life around.
Shiva Karout says that the best moment of his life lasted just 17 seconds. 
Public urination at Glastonbury Festival led to illegal drugs entering a river running through the famous Somerset site in southwestern England, potentially harming wildlife, according to a new study. 
If you thought the idea of a European football Super League was dead and buried, then think again.
Police in the Netherlands have arrested and released a former member of a far-right political party after Prime Minister Mark Rutte's security detail suspected him of behaving suspiciously, according to the Public Prosecutor's Office of the Hague.
If NBA players are not vaccinated, they shouldn't be on the team, basketball Hall of Famer Kareem Abdul-Jabbar told Rolling Stone.
While Brooklyn Nets star guard Kyrie Irving told reporters on Monday he's looking forward to playing in front of fans this NBA season, the seven-time All-Star might not get the chance to see his ambition through.
Sixteen people have been injured -- including four critically -- after an explosion led to a large fire in an apartment building in the Swedish city of Gothenburg, emergency services told CNN Monday.
Tom Brady is busy preparing for possibly the most hotly anticipated fixture of the NFL regular-season calendar this weekend -- though you wouldn't have guessed having listened to him.
English football is mourning the death of Liverpool striker and World Cup winner Roger Hunt at the age of 83.
Four-time Olympic gold medalist Simone Biles says she "should have quit way before Tokyo." 
Russia reported its highest Covid-19 death toll in a single day on Tuesday with 852 coronavirus-related deaths recorded in the past 24 hours, according to the country's coronavirus response center.  
A majority of voters in Berlin wants city hall to expropriate major landlords such as Vonovia and Deutsche Wohnen to help reduce rents in the German capital, provisional referendum results showed on Monday.
Rory McIlroy was in tears after beating Xander Schauffele in their Ryder Cup singles match on Sunday, saying he "should have done more" as his Europe team suffered a record-breaking defeat to the US. 
Tottenham's fall from 2019 Champions League finalists to a comprehensive 3-1 drubbing by Arsenal show how much the club has regressed.
The tiny landlocked republic of San Marino voted overwhelmingly on Sunday to legalize abortion under certain circumstances, according to official results published by the country's state secretariat of internal affairs.
Residents along the eastern shore of Spain's La Palma island were ordered into lockdown Monday as lava flowing from the Cumbre Vieja volcano nears the sea.
Germany's left-leaning Social Democratic Party (SPD) has won the most seats in the country's federal election, preliminary results show, but it will be some time before the makeup of the new government is known.
Australia is becoming increasingly isolated in international climate talks as the Morrison government has refused to bring its commitments in line with those of its allies and other developed nations. 
A 36-year-old man has been charged with the murder of school teacher Sabina Nessa in southeast London, London's Metropolitan police said Monday.
Anthony Joshua's stunning defeat to Ukraine's Oleksandr Usyk means there is unlikely to be a world heavyweight unification fight between Britons Joshua and Tyson Fury, promoter Frank Warren said.
Amid the joy of the Indian men's hockey team ending its 41-year Olympic medal drought its players took time to reflect on the impact Covid-19 has had on the country over the last year.
Scientists have confirmed the discovery of a nearly complete fossil of a 25-million-year-old eagle that once flew over South Australia and preyed on koalas -- an incredibly rare find because of how well preserved it is, experts say. 
Germany's left-leaning Social Democratic Party (SPD) won the largest share of the vote in Sunday's federal election, putting them in pole position to form the country's next coalition government -- but they could be in for some tricky negotiations.
Germany's left-leaning Social Democratic Party (SPD) will begin negotiations to form a ruling coalition after preliminary results showed the party narrowly winning the largest share of parliamentary seats following Sunday's federal election.
"He's the best kicker in NFL history."
It's a lesson many politicians -- mostly male -- have learned the hard way over the past 15 years: Never underestimate Angela Merkel. 
French President Emmanuel Macron was hit by an egg while taking part in a food event in Lyon on Monday.
One man has died and nine people have been injured following a strong earthquake that shook the Greek island of Crete on Monday, Greece's General Secretariat for Civil Protection confirmed to CNN.
Australia's Victoria state reported 779 new COVID-19 infections and two deaths on Sunday, a decrease from the previous day's record high as the country's Prime Minister presses state leaders to be ready to reopen once they meet vaccination targets.
Iceland looked to have elected a woman-majority parliament but a recount of votes on Sunday showed there will still be more men than women in the chamber, state broadcaster RUV reported.
When the women of Kidbrooke in southeast London learned Sabina Nessa, an elementary school teacher living in their community, was found murdered in their local park, many had the same thought: It could have been me. 
In the week that world leaders gathered in New York City for the UN General Assembly, one person's absence cast a long shadow over what was already set to be a tense few days. 
The arrest of a man in connection with the murder of teacher Sabina Nessa is a "significant development" in the case, London's Metropolitan Police said on Sunday.
Lewis Hamilton became the first Formula 1 driver ever to reach 100 wins after he finished first at a drama-packed Russian Grand Prix on Sunday. 
Germans were heading to the polls Sunday to vote in a closely fought federal election that will, in the coming days or weeks, result in a new chancellor taking the helm of the world's fourth-largest economy.
Switzerland agreed to legalize civil marriage and the right to adopt children for same-sex couples by a nearly two-thirds majority in a referendum on Sunday, making it one of the last countries in Western Europe to legalise gay marriage.
After day two of the 43rd Ryder Cup, the US team is in an enviable position. 
A suspect arrested in connection with the murder of Sabina Nessa, a 28-year-old teacher whose body was found in a London park last week, has been released, according to a statement from London's Metropolitan Police on Friday night. 
While the return of packed stadiums this year has brought a renewed sense of optimism in the sporting world that the worst of Covid-19 is in the past, certain teams must still adhere to vaccination mandates set by local governments.
Sergio Garcia made Ryder Cup history on Saturday, becoming the player with the most matches won in the famous competition. 
Icelanders vote on Saturday in an election that could have a messy outcome with a record nine parties likely to enter parliament, making it difficult to find common ground on topics like climate change and healthcare.
Sabina Nessa, a 28-year-old teacher from south London, is believed to have been murdered on the five-minute walk from her house to a pub, police say, sparking renewed outcry about the UK's epidemic of violence against women and girls. 
The race to succeed Angela Merkel as German chancellor remains wide open ahead of a national election on Sunday, according to the latest polls.
US pair Brooks Koepka and Daniel Berger cut frustrated figures during their Saturday morning foursomes clash in the Ryder Cup after being denied a free drop by two sets of officials. 
Harry Potter star Tom Felton suffered a "medical incident" while playing in a celebrity golf match at Whistling Straits, Wisconsin, ahead of the Ryder Cup.
Gazing out from the rocky ledge of Sleeping Beauty's castle in central Germany, the countryside below stretches out in a patchwork of light and dark green forests before stopping dead.  
Max Verstappen to start at back of Russian Grand Prix following engine change 
It's been a gloriously sunny week here in London and we had the pleasure of heading to Buckingham Palace to find out how plans to mark the Queen's 70 years on the throne are coming along. As you might expect, organizers are pulling out all the stops for the celebrations to honor the sovereign's seven decades of service in 2022.
Powered by a raucous home crowd, Team US took a strong 6-2 lead at the 43rd Ryder Cup.
Fresh off breaking onto the biggest stage possible with her debut grand slam victory, Emma Raducanu is enjoying the success that comes with it. 
Racism, sexism, homophobia and death threats now regularly form part of the daily life of many leading football stars.
Ukrainian challenger Oleksandr Usyk on Thursday dismissed concerns that he did not possess the size and strength to take out world heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua, saying that the "power is in your spirit."
Bryson DeChambeau's monster drives are attractions themselves. 
In an exclusive interview with CNN Sport, Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku has urged the CEOs of social media companies to sit down with leading Premier League stars to try and put an end to the abuse that footballers receive online.
Jordan Spieth's skill around the green is something to behold. 
The European Commission has accused Russia of trying to interfere in European democratic processes just days before Sunday's parliamentary election in Germany.
Barcelona boss Ronald Koeman has come under increased pressure after being sent off in his side's 0-0 draw against Cádiz on Thursday. 
Most European countries have Covid-19 vaccination rates that would be the envy of much of the world. But even here, hesitancy in certain areas is causing governments to take action -- or risk stalling their efforts to control the spread of the virus.
Amped up crowds will be bringing the noise to Whistling Straits this week at the Ryder Cup. In the past that din hasn't always been a pleasant cacophony -- the last time the biennial event was held on US shores Europe's Rory McIlroy was jeered about ex-girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki.
The United States Olympic & Paralympic Committee (USOPC) on Wednesday said all US athletes hoping to compete at the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics will need to be vaccinated against Covid-19.
Former world No. 1 Rory McIlroy throws a foam slice of cheese into a crowd of fans while 2019 Open champion Shane Lowry walks around with one on his head.
Humanity needs to "grow up" and deal with the issue of climate change, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson told world leaders at the United Nations General Assembly in New York on Wednesday.
Germans will file into polling stations to vote in an unpredictable federal election on Sunday -- but for the first time in nearly two decades, their longtime leader won't be in contention.
It's difficult to imagine today, as Germany's widely-respected Chancellor prepares to step down after more than 15 years in the top job, but in the early stages of her career Merkel was regularly belittled and looked down on -- even by those who were supposedly on her side.
The Cumbre Vieja volcano on the Canary Island of La Palma shot lava into the air in loud bursts on Thursday morning while toxic ash blanketed the surrounding area.
It's not often that you'd find a country's leader on the soccer pitch. And it's even rarer as a professional, as Suriname's Vice President Ronnie Brunswijk finds himself at the advanced athletic age of 60. 
In golf, it doesn't get much bigger than this.
The laws of cricket have been amended to use the gender-neutral term "batter," rather than "batsman," the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) announced on Wednesday.
If you're a 44-year-old NFL quarterback you'd surely welcome a little less roughness when you're playing as you look to protect mind and body.
An earthquake of magnitude 5.9 struck near Melbourne in southern Australia on Wednesday, according to Geoscience Australia.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about Lucas Papademos and learn more about the economist and former prime minister of Greece.
Conor McGregor swapped throwing punches for throwing pitches at Wrigley Field -- without much success. 
Shots were fired Wednesday morning at the car of a top aide to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky outside Kiev, in what police are calling an assassination attempt. 
Cristiano Ronaldo is set to leapfrog long-term rival Lionel Messi as the highest-paid football player in the world, according to Forbes. 
A historic change is on the horizon for Formula One's jewel in the crown, with the Monaco Grand Prix format set to be cut to three days next season.
Read CNN's Fast Facts to learn about Theresa May, former prime minister of the United Kingdom.
German politicians expressed shock on Tuesday over the killing of a 20-year old gas station worker after an argument about a face mask and said that coronavirus deniers who are willing to use violence will not be tolerated.
Thanks to a long-forgotten letter, a Swedish woman has uncovered the truth about how her family in Poland rescued and hid two Jewish sisters from the Nazis. 
Tensions between European leaders and the White House over a scuppered submarine deal threatened to overshadow President Joe Biden's address to the United Nations General Assembly on Tuesday, with one EU official saying "something is broken" in the transatlantic alliance. 
Barcelona's sluggish start to the season continued on Monday as the Catalan club barely managed to scrape a draw against lowly Granada at the Camp Nou.
From the "Concession" in 1969 to the "Miracle in Medinah" in 2012, memorable moments and the Ryder Cup come hand in hand. 
Australia has lost about 30% of its koalas over the past three years, with the marsupials hit by drought, bushfires and developers cutting down trees, the Australian Koala Foundation said on Tuesday.
The Hungarian Football Federation (MLSZ) will play its next FIFA-sanctioned home match without supporters and has been handed a "substantial fine" by football's world governing body for "numerous" fans' racist behavior during a recent World Cup qualifier against England. 
Lava gushing from the Canary Islands' first volcanic eruption on land in 50 years has forced authorities to evacuate another part of El Paso municipality on the Spanish island of La Palma and to urge sightseers attracted by the phenomenon to stay away.
Roger Federer said Novak Djokovic had a "truly exceptional" year, even as the world No. 1 fell short of winning a calendar grand slam at the US Open.
Boris Johnson has finally admitted that he has six children, a question he has previously dodged in numerous interviews and press conferences. 
Russia was responsible for killing Alexander Litvinenko, a former Russian agent turned Kremlin critic who died in London by polonium poisoning in 2006, the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) said Tuesday.
Tiger Woods is unlikely to visit the Ryder Cup as he continues his recovery from his February car accident, according to Team USA captain Steve Stricker. 
At least 235 people were arrested and 10 police officers injured following a large anti-lockdown protest on Saturday in Melbourne, Australia.
Simone Biles says she is excited to launch her highly-anticipated Gold Over America Tour on Tuesday.
The family of British teenager Harry Dunn, killed in a crash two years ago, has reached a "resolution" in a civil lawsuit against the woman who was charged in his death, the spokesperson for the Dunn family said Tuesday.
A group of prominent women athletes including soccer star Megan Rapinoe and basketball standouts Diana Taurasi and Sue Bird on Monday urged the US Supreme Court to protect abortion rights in a case involving Mississippi's Republican-backed bid to ban the procedure after 15 weeks of pregnancy.
Four people have died on Poland's border with Belarus in recent days, amid accusations that the Belarusian government is funneling migrants to the European Union's eastern border in retaliation over western sanctions. 
Australian Jarred Gillett will become the first overseas referee to officiate a Premier League match when he takes charge of Watford's home match against Newcastle United at Vicarage Road on Saturday. 
Even before the first votes had been cast, Russia's election result was in little doubt.   
The US and UK will be sharing technology and expertise with Australia to help it build nuclear-powered submarines as part of a newly-announced defense pact between the three countries. The move has sparked fury in France, which has lost a long-standing agreement to supply Australia with diesel-powered subs.  
Australia was concerned the conventional submarines it ordered from France would not meet its strategic needs before it canceled the multibillion defense deal in favor of an agreement with the United States and the United Kingdom earlier this week, Prime Minister Scott Morrison said Sunday.
The Cumbre Vieja volcano in La Palma, one of Spain's Canary Islands, erupted Sunday, after several earthquakes were felt over the weekend.
Erling Haaland's brace against Union Berlin this weekend continued his impressive scoring rate for Borussia Dortmund. 
The Polish government said it would continue to operate the Turów lignite mine, even if means paying the daily penalty.
Claims this week of corruption at the very top of the Prince of Wales' charitable network are bound to be of concern to Buckingham Palace.
At least six people were killed when a gunman opened fire at a university in the Russian city of Perm on Monday, officials have said. 
The International Federation of Sport Climbing (IFSC) has apologized to Austrian climber Johanna Farber after inappropriate images of her were broadcast during the World Championships in Moscow. 
Read CNN's Fast Facts about Lech Walesa and learn about the life of the former president of Poland.
Princess Beatrice, Queen Elizabeth II's granddaughter, has given birth to a baby girl, Buckingham Palace announced Monday.
Nadene Caldwell doesn't want to be called an underdog anymore. 
Russia's ruling party United Russia, which backs President Vladimir Putin, is on track to secure a majority in parliamentary elections amid allegations of voter fraud and interference. 
Lionel Messi's home debut for Paris Saint-Germain was far from how he would have dreamt it, with the Argentine forward being substituted by Mauricio Pochettino in the second half as his side went in search of a winning goal against Lyon. 
Olympic swimmer Madi Wilson says she was hospitalized with Covid-19 "as a precautionary measure" while in Italy for an International Swimming League (ISL) event.
France's ambassador to the United States reiterated in an interview Monday that the breakdown of the French-Australian submarine deal last week came as a surprise to Paris. 
"Lamar! Do you want to go for this?" Baltimore Ravens head coach John Harbaugh could be seen shouting from the sideline. 
The Netherlands has long been the world's tallest nation -- but its people are getting shorter, according to Dutch researchers. 
Jimmy Greaves, a World Cup winner with England in 1966 and one of the most prolific goalscorers in English football history, has died at the age of 81, his former club Tottenham said.
Italy will likely decide whether or not to decriminalize cannabis in a referendum next year, after campaign groups managed to gather the required 500,000 signatures in a week.
Much of Europe has opened up to international visitors and scaled back Covid-19 restrictions since a wave of cases swept the continent in the spring.
When Bayern Munich is in this kind of mood, very few teams in world football can keep up. Unfortunately for VfL Bochum, Saturday was one of those days.
For more than 20 years, Australia tried to maintain good relations with both the United States and China. Now with the AUKUS deal, Canberra has picked a side -- Washington.
Tottenham Hotspur hopes to end Sunday's Premier League game against Chelsea on zero -- not zero goals or shots on target, but zero carbon emissions.
US forward Carli Lloyd showed no signs of slowing down during her team's 9-0 battering against Paraguay on Thursday night, scoring five goals despite announcing her retirement from professional football earlier this year. 
Following high-profile attacks on democratic institutions, including the January 6 riot at the US Capitol, UK Parliament Speaker Lindsay Hoyle feels an urgent responsibility to champion political freedoms. 
Virginia Roberts Giuffre is suing Prince Andrew in a New York court on allegations of sexual assault. Andrew has consistently denied the claims and his legal team says papers haven't been properly served. So where does the case go from here?
Muhammad Ali scoops up his baby daughter Maryum and explains a concept that she couldn't possibly understand at such a tender young age: "Your daddy is fighting for you," he is reported as saying in 1968. "Someday, you're going to be able to walk with your head high and not beg for a job. And you don't even know it."   
Tom Brady has already cemented his legacy as one of the greatest to ever play the game but the legendary quarterback says he's got many more years left in him. 
Cricket superstar Virat Kohli has said he will step down as India's T20 captain after the T20 World Cup in November. 
With Australia making a deal with the United States and the United Kingdom to begin a nuclear-powered submarine program, we can expect the Aussie subs will look a lot like the latest versions in the US and British arsenals.
Police made multiple arrests following a fight among fans at Leicester City's Europa League clash against Napoli on Thursday. 
Millions of Russians are expected to head to the polls over a three-day period starting Friday in elections taking place against the backdrop of an unprecedented assault on democracy over the past year. 
Northern Irish police said on Thursday they had charged two men with the 2019 murder of journalist Lyra McKee in Londonderry, whose death sparked outrage in the British-run province.
Locked 0-0 in a cagey opening Europa League group stage match, it should have been a routine catch for Lazio goalkeeper Thomas Strakosha.
The will of Prince Philip, the late husband of Britain's Queen Elizabeth, will be sealed and remain private for at least 90 years to preserve the monarch's dignity, a judge at London's High Court has ruled.
New Zealand's cricket team is pulling out of its first tour of Pakistan in 18 years following a New Zealand government security alert.
They're impossible to miss. On a drive around Qatar, at every turn, it seems, a new football stadium rises out of the desert -- each design offering a futuristic take on its traditional culture. 
German officials on Thursday said a possible Islamist terror attack on a synagogue in the western city of Hagen was averted after authorities were tipped off.  
Dutch Foreign Minister Sigrid Kaag announced her resignation on Thursday after a majority of the Dutch parliament said she had mishandled the Afghanistan evacuation crisis, a press officer from the Dutch Ministry of Foreign Affairs told CNN.
Members of Afghanistan's women's football team have arrived in neighboring Pakistan, the information minister in Islamabad said on Tuesday.
Around 3,000 healthcare workers have been suspended in France after failing to meet a government requirement to get vaccinated against Covid-19, French Health Minister Olivier Véran told French radio station RTL Thursday. 
The US Soccer Federation offered the women's and men's national teams identical contracts, a proposal that the United States Women's National Team Players Association (USWNTPA) called "PR stunts."   
The much-hyped trio of Lionel Messi, Kylian Mbappé and Neymar failed to inspire Paris Saint-Germain to victory in its Champions League opener on Wednesday, with the French side being held to a 1-1 draw by Club Brugge.
The Italian government has approved a decree making it mandatory for all public and private sector workers to show proof of vaccination, a negative test or recent recovery from infection, Italian Health Minister Roberto Speranza told a news conference on Thursday.  
A fugitive who spent nearly 30 years on the run after allegedly using a hacksaw blade and bolt cutters to escape from prison has handed himself into police in Australia.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday morning that "not just one or two but several dozen people" from his inner circle had contracted coronavirus. 
Tennis legend John McEnroe has praised Emma Raducanu for her incredible triumph at this year's US Open and says he stands by the comments he made about her after her Wimbledon debut. 
The Columbus Blue Jackets have fired recently hired assistant coach Sylvain Lefebvre after he decided to not get vaccinated against Covid-19. 
Burns' eight-hour PBS documentary "Muhammad Ali" is a heavyweight examination of the life and times of "The Greatest."
Not since Real Madrid's famous 'Galácticos' squad of the 2000s has a single club boasted so much individual talent.
More than 1,400 white-sided dolphins were killed Sunday night in the Faroe Islands, in what local authorities said was a traditional whaling hunt. 
It's probably not the news that US golf fans wanted to hear just over a week before the start of the Ryder Cup. 
Whatever you do, don't call it superstitious.
European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen pressed the US to pay its fair shair in climate finance to help the developing world adapt, while pressing China to be more ambitious in its emissions reductions.
Barcelona's first defeat of the post-Lionel Messi era was inflicted in devastating fashion as Bayern Munich sauntered to a 3-0 victory at the Camp Nou.
After US President Joe Biden laid out a wide-ranging plan to tackle the worsening Covid pandemic in America with a raft of new vaccination rules last week, the big question on the minds of many is: Will mandating vaccines work? In France, it's a gamble that is beginning to pay off. 
A man who was identified by Chelsea Football Club for tweets posted in late 2020 has been charged by the London Metropolitan Police on seven counts of sending "hateful" messages on social media.
Burundian runner Francine Niyonsaba, who has an intersex condition, broke a world record on Tuesday. 
UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has reshuffled his cabinet, moving Dominic Raab from the post of foreign secretary to those of deputy prime minister and justice secretary, Downing Street announced Wednesday.
Australian entomologists announced they have named a fly species after RuPaul -- the titan of drag queens.
The mother of Navid Afkari, the wrestling star executed by the Iranian government, says her family still has "no peace" over a year since her son's death.
Labour has not ruled out talks with the Greens -- the only party calling for a complete end to fossil fuel exploration -- but said it was likely to form an alliance with other parties. 
It took Cristiano Ronaldo less than 13 minutes to score on his second Champions League debut for Manchester United, opening the scoring against Swiss team Young Boys.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is quarantining after several people in his inner circle tested positive for Covid-19, the Kremlin said Tuesday.
Queen Elizabeth sent a message of congratulations to the people of North Korea on their national day, a Buckingham Palace spokesperson told CNN.
Prince Andrew's legal team said Tuesday that a civil lawsuit alleging the senior British royal sexually abused Virginia Roberts Giuffre when she was 17 is baseless, and argued that legal papers in the case weren't served properly.
Las Vegas Raiders defensive end Carl Nassib savored a "special night" Monday as he became the first actively gay NFL player to feature in a regular season game. 
Algerian Fethi Nourine and his coach have been suspended for 10 years by the International Judo Federation (IJF) for withdrawing from the Tokyo Olympics after the draw set him on course for a bout against an Israeli.
Karim Benzema netted a hat-trick and new signing Eduardo Camavinga also scored as Real Madrid defeated Celta Vigo 5-2 in La Liga on Sunday. 
Diede de Groot became the first player to complete the golden slam in wheelchair tennis after winning all four majors and the Paralympic gold medal, completing the feat by winning the US Open final on Sunday.
Daniil Medvedev won his first grand slam title Sunday, beating Novak Djokovic 6-4 6-4 6-4 in the US Open final and ending the world No. 1's hopes of completing a calendar grand slam. 
If Australia's allies were worried that the country might cause them problems at upcoming climate talks in Glasgow, the past week of events should leave little doubt in their minds. It will. 
US golfer Billy Horschel won the BMW PGA Championship on Sunday, becoming just the second American player to win the famous event. 
With the reigning Most Valuable Player and arguably the NFL's best wide receiver on their team, a Super Bowl run is the expectation for the Green Bay Packers this season. 
The organizers of a marathon in southern England have apologized after the course for Sunday's race was more than 500 meters (1,640 feet) too long.
The Ryder Cup is now set after European captain Padraig Harrington announced his picks to complete his team to face the USA at Whistling Straits next week. 
The Italian Grand Prix was full of drama on Sunday as Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen collided and were both subsequently ruled out of the remainder of the race.
Atmosphere and emotion may well be a guarantee for any grand slam title match, but this year's men's US Open final had both in abundance.
If you can potty-train a child, you can potty-train a cow. At least, that was the theory a group of researchers in Germany decided to test, in a bid to find a solution to the environmental damage caused by livestock waste.  
Former world champion boxer Evander Holyfield stepped back in the ring for the first time in over a decade, but it didn't go quite to plan for the 58-year-old. 
There have been nine no-hitters thrown in the 2021 Major League Baseball season -- breaking its all-time record for a single season. 
Maia Chaka made history on Sunday, as she became the first Black woman to officiate an NFL game.
The Queen has praised Emma Raducanu's "outstanding" US Open victory on Saturday, calling it a "remarkable achievement." 
The Afghan Cricket Board (ACB) has called on Australia not to cancel an historic test match between the two countries set for Hobart on November 27.
British teenager Emma Raducanu won her first grand slam title by defeating Canadian Leylah Fernandez 6-4, 6-3 in the US Open final Saturday, completing a spectacular run at Flushing Meadows' first all-teen final since 1999.
Novak Djokovic is one win away from a record-breaking 21st major title and the first calendar grand slam in men's singles since 1969.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored two goals during his first game back at Manchester United on Saturday against Newcastle United in the Premier League. 
Australia's third-most populous state said on Saturday it may order a snap lockdown after a cluster of Covid-19 cases, as the country posted a record one-day rise in daily infections.
Nadia Nadim remembers the moment she fell in love with football.
Lionel Messi scored a hat-trick in Argentina's 3-0 against Bolivia to become South America's record goalscorer in men's international football.
Forty-four years old and entering his 22nd NFL season, Tom Brady definitely isn't slowing down. 
Ukrainian opposition politicians are demanding an immediate investigation into how a special operation to lure alleged Russian war criminals failed after Belarus arrested the men in Minsk last year.  
The US Open women's final will be a battle of the teens as Britain's Emma Raducanu advances to her first major final by defeating No. 17 seed Maria Sakkari of Greece 6-1, 6-4 in the semifinals on Thursday night. 
From introducing a "burqa ban" to prohibiting employees from wearing a headscarf, Muslim women are often subject to unsolicited public opinion, where their bodies are institutionally scrutinized and policed -- many times without their consent. 
Ukraine's ruling party acknowledged for the first time Friday a Ukrainian-led sting operation aimed at luring suspected war criminals out of Russia.
Former Germany and Bayern Munich defender Jerome Boateng, who this month signed for Olympique Lyonnais, was found guilty of premeditated bodily harm on his former partner, a spokesperson for a court in Munich said on Thursday.
Queen Elizabeth II and the royal family support Black Lives Matter (BLM), a senior representative has told UK broadcaster Channel 4.
Austrian police have found the body of a woman who, they say, was mummified by her son so he could keep claiming her social security.
You'd think after rolling in the putt which clinches the Solheim Cup, Emily Pedersen's mind would solely be on celebrating with her European teammates. 
An explosion sparked by a fire at a Covid-19 hospital has killed 14 people in North Macedonia, a government spokesman told CNN on Thursday.
Cricket Australia (CA) has said there is "no alternative" but to cancel the proposed Test match against Afghanistan in November, following the Taliban's stance which aims to ban women from playing sport. 
North Korea has been barred from competing at the 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing as part of its punishment for its "unilateral decision" to drop out of the Tokyo Games this summer, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) said Wednesday. 
French football club Nice has been handed a two-point penalty, one of which is suspended, and ordered to replay its league match against Marseille after their game was abandoned on August 22. 
Michael Schumacher's wife, Corinna, said the Formula One great is "different, but he's here" as the 52-year-old continues his rehabilitation from a brain injury suffered in a skiing accident in December 2013.
British teenager Emma Raducanu continued her sensational run at the US Open, beating Olympic gold medalist Belinda Bencic in straight sets to reach her first grand slam semifinal.
Ukrainian intelligence set up a recruitment website to ensnare Russian mercenaries but their plan ended with arrests in Belarus.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about the life of award-winning screen legend Sophia Loren.
Music. Breathe. Let the synchronicity begin.
Unseeded teenager Leylah Fernandez continued her stunning run at the US Open with victory over Elina Svitolina to reach the semifinals.
The main suspect in a jihadist rampage that killed 130 people across Paris described himself defiantly as "an Islamic State soldier" on Wednesday, upsetting some survivors who took it as a threat at the start of the trial into the 2015 attacks.
A veteran Russian politician has complained that two opponents running against him in St. Petersburg have adopted his name and mimicked his appearance in order to confuse voters.
The United Arab Emirates welcomed 41 Afghan evacuees arriving from Tajikistan on Monday, including 25 members of the Afghan girls' cycling team.
Biomatrix Water, based in Scotland, has developed a system of floating modular plant platforms that help revive urban waterway ecosystems.
Russian Emergencies Minister Yevgeny Zinichev has died in an accident during training exercises in the Arctic, Russian state media RIA Novosti reported Wednesday, citing the ministry.  
Erling Haaland scored a hat-trick as Norway cruised past Gibraltar 5-1 in the side's FIFA World Cup qualifier, while Memphis Depay also scored three in the Netherlands' 6-1 thrashing of Turkey. 
The USA's Ryder Cup team was finalized on Wednesday as Steve Stricker announced his six captain's picks, which included three-time major champion Jordan Spieth and recently crowned Olympic gold medalist Xander Schauffele.
A toddler was found three days after he went missing from his family's property in rural New South Wales, authorities confirmed on Monday. 
From hosting Anthony Joshua's world heavyweight title fight in 2019 to presenting the 2020 edition of the Spanish Super Cup football tournament, Saudi Arabia is making its mark on the global sports landscape. 
Brazilian football hero Pele underwent surgery to remove a tumor from his right colon last Saturday, he announced on social media on Monday.
Prince Charles' longest serving and closest aide has stepped down voluntarily as head of The Prince's Foundation amid claims of misconduct first reported by the Sunday Times.
Team Europe retained the Solheim Cup on Monday after a gripping 15-13 battle with Team USA at the Inverness Golf Club in Ohio. 
Like much of the Northern Hemisphere, Europe was battered by extreme weather events over the summer, including record levels of rain that triggered deadly floods in Germany and Belgium, and heatwaves that contributed to wildfires in the south.
Shelby Rogers said she was expecting to receive "nine million death threats" on social media following her fourth round US Open defeat to Great Britain's Emma Raducanu.
An Australian musk duck has been recorded saying "You bloody fool" in the first documented instance of the species mimicking human speech.
The NFL will kick off its 102nd season Thursday, and despite fascinating headlines around stars like Aaron Rodgers and Tom Brady, the league will be playing under the shadow of the Covid-19 pandemic, and amidst growing public concern about the Delta variant. 
Patrick Cantlay claimed the biggest victory of his golf career to date as he won the Tour Championship and FedEx Cup title, which comes with a handsome $15 million prize.
Jean-Pierre Adams, an ex-footballer who fell into a coma in 1982 following a botched knee operation, has died at the age of 73, his former clubs Nimes Olympique, Paris Saint-Germain and Nice said.
Spanish teenager Carlos Alcaraz followed up his stunning victory over world No. 3 Stefanos Tsitsipas with a comeback win against Peter Gojowczyk to reach the US Open quarterfinals.
A Belarusian court on Monday sentenced Maria Kolesnikova, a prominent opposition figure who led mass street protests against President Alexander Lukashenko, to 11 years in prison, the latest move in a widespread crackdown on government critics following a contested election last year.
The World Cup qualifier between Brazil and Argentina was suspended minutes after kick-off at the Corinthians Arena in São Paulo, Brazil after Brazilian health officials came onto the pitch and escorted multiple Argentinian soccer players away. 
American tennis player Sloane Stephens revealed harassing and threatening messages she received following her third-round loss to Angelique Kerber at the US Open on Friday.
A viral video of the makeshift weight rooms at this year's NCAA March Madness tournament, posted by University of Oregon's Sedona Prince, gained national attention for encapsulating the gender disparity that exists between men's and women's sports. 
The German Ambassador to China, Jan Hecker, has died suddenly at 54, after only a few weeks in his position, according to a statement posted on the German Embassy to China's website on Monday. 
Ex-French footballer Jean-Pierre Adams has been in a coma for over 30 years. His wife Bernadette cares for him and continues to preserve his legacy.
Max Verstappen regained the top spot of the Formula One championship standings as he won the Dutch Grand Prix in front of raucous home support.
A man who was attacked by a shark at Emerald Beach on Australia's east coast on Sunday died after a "significant" injury to his arm, according to New South Wales (NSW) Ambulance.
Golf has been described as a 'good walk spoiled,' but there wasn't much walking by Joaquin Niemann in the final round of the Tour Championship in Atlanta on Sunday -- the Chilean was running. 
The Tokyo Paralympics officially came to an end on Saturday as the closing ceremony took place at the Olympic Stadium.
American tennis player Shelby Rogers rallied to upset No. 1 seed Ashleigh Barty of Australia, the top-ranked woman in the world, in the third round of the US Open in New York on Saturday night. The final score was 6-2, 1-6, 7-6 (7-5).
At two meters, 46 centimeters (eight foot, one inch) tall, Morteza Mehrzadselakjani is the not-so-secret weapon of Iran's sitting volleyball team.
An increasingly frustrated Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison turned to an animated film last week to drive home his point that the country needs to reopen -- Covid or no Covid.
For athletes preparing for the biggest event of their lives, it would usually be a cause for celebration. But 100 days out from the Tokyo Paralympics, Oksana Masters was confined to a hospital bed recovering from surgery on her leg.
In a stunning result, US Open defending champion Naomi Osaka lost her third-round match to Canada's Leylah Fernandez in three sets, as the world No. 3 and four-time major champion uncharacteristically showed signs of frustration on the court and expressed doubts after the match.
Baylor University's women's basketball team will no longer be known as the Lady Bears. 
Spain suffered a first World Cup qualifying defeat in 28 years with a 2-1 defeat against Sweden in Stockholm.
Some of England's players were reportedly racially abused by Hungary fans during the team's 4-0 World Cup qualifying win over Hungary.
The UK's media watchdog this week published its ruling over comments made about the duchess.
There are few golfers more in form than Patrick Cantlay at the moment. 
Keula Nidreia Pereira Semedo did not win gold at the Paralympic Games but the Cape Verde athlete may have received something even better.
Cristiano Ronaldo has become the all-time leading goalscorer in men's international football, scoring his 110th and 111th goals for Portugal in a dramatic comeback win against Ireland in World Cup qualifying.
Professional rugby union players can experience a decrease in blood flow to the brain over the course of a season due to the effects of collisions, a new study has found.
We've all been there: arriving a few minutes late for an important event, a lunch or meeting with friends.
Stefanos Tsitsipas was booed by the crowd during his second-round US Open win over Adrian Mannarino after taking another extended toilet break. 
Some of the world's best tennis players are congregating in New York for the US Open, the season's final grand slam.
Novak Djokovic started his pursuit of history at the US Open with victory against Holger Rune on Tuesday but said the atmosphere on court was far from ideal. 
The US Open tennis championship was battered by remnants of Hurricane Ida on Wednesday, causing one match to be suspended as rain poured through the stadium roof. 
During moments of self-reflection, it doesn't take long for Haven Shepherd to recognize that her life is a miracle.
With plot lines that would make even the writers of Game of Thrones scratch their heads, the 2021 European summer transfer window may very well have been the best one ever.
The Australian state of Victoria has extended its lockdown for another three weeks after tough restrictions failed to lower the number of daily new coronavirus cases.
Three-time grand slam champion Andy Murray says he "lost respect" for Stefanos Tsitsipas, after the Greek world No. 3 took multiple extended breaks at crucial times during their first round US Open match.
From his office window, Brig. Gen. Joshua Olson can see a daily football match organized by the Afghan children who are temporarily calling his air base home. 
A "number of people" have been left injured from a train collision at a tunnel near Salisbury, England, according to the British Transport Police (BTP). 
One person died after a Czech cable car cabin became detached from its cable on Sunday in the north of the country, while others were rescued from another cabin, a rescue service spokesperson said.
India cricket captain Virat Kohli has criticized the "spineless people on social media" who attacked the team's bowler Mohammed Shami over his religion following the team's loss to Pakistan in a T20 World Cup match.
Jerry Remy, the beloved longtime Boston Red Sox broadcaster and former Major League Baseball infielder, died Saturday night after a lengthy battle with lung cancer, the team announced. He was 68.
Barcelona striker Sergio Aguero was taken to hospital for a 'cardiac exam' after suffering chest pain and dizziness during his side's 1-1 draw with Alaves on Saturday.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about the Paris terror attacks in 2015 that killed at least 130 people and wounded hundreds.
Crystal Palace forward Wilfried Zaha says he was targeted with racist abuse on social media, following his side's 2-0 win against Manchester City on Saturday.
A man bled to death from his injuries after he was gored at a bull-running festival in eastern Spain, authorities said.
National Hockey League Commissioner Gary Bettman spoke with Kyle Beach, a former NHL player who said he was sexually assaulted by former Chicago Blackhawks video coach Brad Aldrich in 2010, on ways the league can better protect players, according to NHL.com. 
The Atlanta Braves are now just one win away from the franchise's first MLB championship since 1995, after winning Game 4 of the World Series on Saturday. 
US Open champion Emma Raducanu said she was still coming to terms with the fast pace of life on tour but vowed to brush aside her disappointing loss in the Transylvania Open on Friday and come back stronger.
Starter Ian Anderson threw five no-hit, scoreless innings to inspire the Atlanta Braves to a 2-1 advantage over the Houston Astros in the 2021 World Series, winning 2-0 in Game 3 on Friday. 
Glover Teixeira of Brazil defeated Jan Blachowicz of Poland in a light heavyweight title bout at UFC 267 Saturday at the Octagon on Yas Island, Abu Dhabi.
Brooklyn Nets owner Joseph Tsai said he is not sure when Kyrie Irving will play for them again, with the guard unable to join the team having chosen not to get vaccinated against Covid-19.
UFC 267 is looking to be must-see viewing for fight fans. 
The Memphis Grizzlies ended the Golden State Warriors' unbeaten start to the season with a 104-101 overtime win thanks in large part to another box office performance from Ja Morant.
Football superstar Cristiano Ronaldo and his partner Georgina Rodriguez are expecting twins, the pair announced on social media.
As the world's longest-serving head-of-state, the Queen's skill at wooing world leaders is masterful. Adept in the art of soft diplomacy, she's revered by the other heads-of-state for her hosting skills and ability to avoid offending her guests.
France has detained a British fishing vessel and announced it will close nearly all of its ports to trawlers from the UK, a major escalation in its ongoing spat with the country over post-Brexit fishing rights.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II has been told by doctors to rest for at least the next two weeks and not undertake any official visits, Buckingham Palace said in a statement Friday. 
The NAACP sent an open letter to five players' unions on Thursday, urging their athletes not to sign with teams in Texas.
The captain of a British fishing trawler detained in France was ordered to appear before a French court over allegations of illegal fishing, as the war of words between the two countries over post-Brexit fishing rights escalated on Friday.  
Norway and Sampdoria soccer star Morten Thorsby is passionate about the environment. His foundation, We Play Green, is empowering the game to embrace sustainable initiatives. This season he's symbolically playing in the No.2 shirt to raise awareness of climate change.
Indian police have arrested three Kashmiri Muslims for allegedly celebrating Pakistan's win over India in the T20 World Cup on Sunday. 
The owner of the Chicago Blackhawks has asked the Hockey Hall of Fame to write X's over the name of a former video coach on the Stanley Cup. 
E-cigarettes could be prescribed by England's National Health Service under plans to cut smoking rates in the country.
Ellidy Pullin, the partner of Australian Olympic snowboarder Alex "Chumpy" Pullin, has given birth to their daughter 15 months after his death last year. 
The European Parliament sued the European Commission -- the EU's executive arm -- on Friday for failing to punish member states who violate the "rule of law" within the bloc. 
The Arizona Cardinals dropped their first game of the season on Thursday night, losing to the Green Bay Packers thanks to an interception thrown in the final seconds. The result means there are no undefeated teams remaining in the NFL this season.
The National Women's Soccer League Players Association said Friday the league has agreed to meet all the players demands for cultural changes and transparency following allegations of sexual misconduct that rattled the league earlier this month. 
Truist Park takes center stage tonight as the World Series shifts from Houston to Atlanta, with the Braves and the Astros looking to break the deadlock.
The Florida Panthers have announced head coach Joel Quenneville has resigned in the midst of a sexual abuse scandal involving the Chicago Blackhawks, where he used to coach. 
Draped in an Ireland flag and dripping with champagne, Leona Maguire looks down at the Solheim Cup in sheer disbelief. 
When he was 20 years old in 2010, Kyle Beach was pursuing his NHL dream when he was called up to the Chicago Blackhawks as a "Black Ace," a prospect player who could be available to play for the NHL club if needed. It was a couple of weeks later, Beach, now 31, said in an interview Wednesday with Canadian sports television station TSN, that his life "was changed forever." 
David Henderson, who organized the flight that crashed and left soccer player Emiliano Sala and pilot David Ibbotson dead, has been found guilty of endangering the safety of the aircraft, Cardiff Crown Court confirmed to CNN on Thursday.
Retiring as the greatest female ski racer of all time, Lindsey Vonn made a living out of her downhill speed, but away from the slopes, she was fighting uphill battles.
The Los Angeles Lakers' patchy start to the season continued on Wednesday, as the star-studded team blew a historic 26-point lead in a 123-115 defeat to the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Jigoro Kano -- the "Father of Judo" -- features on today's Google Doodle.
Barcelona sacked coach Ronald Koeman after Wednesday's 1-0 LaLiga defeat at Rayo Vallecano, the Catalan club said on Wednesday.
Borussia Moenchengladbach sensationally struck three times in the opening 21 minutes to demolish German champions Bayern Munich 5-0 on Wednesday and dump them out of the German Cup second round following their heaviest defeat in the competition.
Tough new Covid-19 restrictions went into effect in Moscow on Thursday, with the Russian capital entering an 11-day paid holiday that authorities hope will help rein in skyrocketing coronavirus cases and deaths across the country. 
The Houston Astros evened up the World Series on Wednesday night with a dominant Game 2 victory against the Atlanta Braves. 
Queen Elizabeth II will skip next week's key climate conference in Glasgow, according to a royal source. The news comes after the 95-year-old monarch was admitted to a hospital last week for "preliminary investigations." 
South African cricketer Quinton de Kock has apologized for refusing to take the knee and insists he is "not a racist."
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell has doubled-down on his stance to not release more information from the Washington Football Team (WFT) investigation.
Jorge Soler knows how to make an impact right from the start. 
With Mohamed Salah yet to sign a new contract, Liverpool fans could be forgiven for casting a fearful thought about what life after the 'Egyptian King' might look like. Yet Anfield may have an heir to the throne ready in waiting -- all rise for Kaide Gordon.
Atlanta Braves starting pitcher Charlie Morton will miss the rest of the World Series after leaving Game 1 with a fractured bone in his leg, according to his team.
Australian professional footballer Josh Cavallo announced on Wednesday that he is gay in a video message released by his A-League club Adelaide United.
The European Union's top court has ordered Poland to pay a daily fine of €1 million ($1.2 million) for failing to suspend a disciplinary chamber for judges that the bloc says breaches EU law, in yet another escalation of the conflict between Warsaw and Brussels. 
Flash flooding has turned roads into rivers in the port city of Catania, on the Italian island of Sicily.
Sniffer dogs are being trained by Germany's Deutsche Bahn (DB) to find protected wildlife at planned major building sites to speed up projects, the railway group said on Tuesday.
Victoria Premier Daniel Andrews said his government will not apply for travel permits to allow unvaccinated tennis players to compete at the Australian Open in the state after Prime Minister Scott Morrison indicated they would be allowed into the country.
Southern Italy is bracing for two more days of devastating rain and flash flooding, as a 'medicane' storm that has deluged streets and killed two people continues to barrel through the region.
British environmental watchdogs have launched an investigation after thousands of dead sea creatures washed up on beaches in North East England.
A group of Torres Strait Islanders living off Australia's north coast filed a court claim against the Australian government on Tuesday, alleging it has failed to protect them from climate change which now threatens their homes.
For Byron Kennedy, Sunday was more than just an NFL game. 
The quiet English town of Maidenhead wouldn't rank very highly on a list of places you would expect to see Hollywood superstars.
South African cricketer Quinton de Kock has made the "personal decision" not to take a knee before games at the ongoing T20 World Cup. 
Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer will remain in his post despite Sunday's 5-0 hammering at the hands of Liverpool in their English Premier League encounter at Old Trafford.
A German woman who joined ISIS was sentenced to 10 years in prison on Monday over the death of a 5-year-old Yazidi girl.
Joost Bakker's self-sustaining, waste-free home in the center Melbourne could be a model for the housing of tomorrow. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has ordered a nationwide ban on hospitality events and catering from 11 p.m. to 6 a.m. as the country struggles to control the Covid-19 pandemic.
Marshawn Lynch is a treasure and needs to be preserved at all costs. 
One year on from his death, two of Diego Maradona's former clubs -- Barcelona and Boca Juniors -- will play a friendly in his honor in Saudi Arabia. 
Federico Alba leads the good life.
A World Series is not an event that needs additional hyping, but a father versus son dynamic is a welcome subplot nonetheless. 
Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison has revealed the plan he'll take to COP26 in Glasgow later this week after coming under intense pressure at home and abroad to commit to net zero emissions by 2050.
Carl Madsen, a National Football League veteran official, died Sunday on his way home from the Kansas City Chiefs and Tennessee Titans game in Nashville, the league told CNN. He was 71. 
Seattle Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll admitted after his side's disappointing 13-10 defeat to the New Orleans Saints on Monday night that he "probably wouldn't have" been with the team for so long if it wasn't for star quarterback Russell Wilson.
MLB's next champion will soon be crowned as the Atlanta Braves take on the Houston Astros in the best-of-seven World Series starting Tuesday night.
NBA star Enes Kanter has doubled-down on his criticism of China and has called on Nike to do more in fighting against injustice in the country.
Walter Smith, who guided Scottish club Rangers to 10 league titles, has died at the age of 73.
It is a day that Manchester United fans would rather soon forget. 
Lockdowns, spiraling cases and a vaccine divide is framing the start of Europe's second pandemic winter, bringing chaos to eastern European countries and uncertainty to those in the West.  
Unvaccinated athletes will be able to take part in next year's Australian Open after undergoing 14 days of quarantine, the WTA Tour has told its players, according to an email leaked to U.S. media.
India captain Virat Kohli denied his team underestimated Pakistan in Sunday's high-profile Twenty20 World Cup contest and said they know what went wrong in the thumping by their arch-rivals.
Ex-Formula One supremo Bernie Ecclestone, 91 on Thursday, is adamant about one thing after being offered an advisory role by the new head of skiing's governing body -- he will not be taking to the slopes.
Undefeated in 32 fights and victorious across a thrilling trilogy of bouts against Deontay Wilder, Tyson Fury has cemented his status as the best heavyweight boxer of the current era over the past two years. 
German police say they intercepted 50 "right-wing" vigilantes on their way to try and patrol the Germany-Poland border to stop migrants entering the country.
Tom Brady became the first player in NFL history to have thrown 600 touchdown passes in his career during the Tampa Bay Buccaneers rout of the Chicago Bears on Sunday.
Just months ago, consensus was growing that COP26 would be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for leaders to come together to make new climate commitments to save the planet. But the pandemic is putting a question mark on what might be achieved.
UK Health Secretary Sajid Javid is "leaning towards" requiring staff in the National Health Service (NHS) to be vaccinated against Covid-19, he said Monday. 
An Israeli court has ruled that a six-year-old child who was the sole survivor of a cable crash accident in Italy in May should be returned to Italy. 
Lewis Hamilton's hopes of a record eighth Formula One championship took a hit at the U.S. Grand Prix on Sunday and the Mercedes driver was braced for more tough days ahead.
Protesters scaled barricades and pushed toward the doors of the Brooklyn Nets' home arena on Sunday in support of NBA All-Star Kyrie Irving, who cannot join the team as he has chosen not to get vaccinated against COVID-19.
For the first time since 1999, the Atlanta Braves are in the World Series. The Braves will face the American League champion Houston Astros.
Israel's government has declared six Palestinian civil society groups supported by the international community as terrorist organizations, prompting dismay among human rights campaigners.  
At the absolute peak of their rivalry, El Clasico often seemed more about Cristiano Ronaldo vs. Lionel Messi than it did Real Madrid vs. Barcelona.
The Houston Astros are headed to World Series for the third time in five seasons after defeating the Boston Red Sox 5-0 in Houston on Friday night. 
Austria's federal government has submitted a draft law to make assisted suicide for seriously ill adults legal, the federal chancellery said in a statement on Saturday.
Over the past decade, Vladimir Putin's resurgent Russia has been a perpetual concern for many in the West.
Australian actress Nicole Kidman has matched Daniel Craig's £10,000 ($13,760) donation to three British fathers, who have completed a 300-mile walk for a suicide prevention charity after their daughters took their own lives.
The leader of the Italy's right-leaning Lega party, Matteo Salvini, lashed out at the start of his trial for the alleged kidnapping of 147 migrants while he was interior minister.  
Some of the world's leading chess players have withdrawn from next week's Grand Swiss tournament in Riga, Latvia, citing health concerns after the country entered into a four-week long lockdown due to a surge in Covid-19 cases. 
Very few people would have given Norwich hope of avoid a record-extending sixth relegation from the Premier League before the season had even begun, but that number is likely to now be zero.
One of Sweden's most popular rappers was shot dead in Stockholm late on Thursday, heightening outrage over gang-related violence that has afflicted the Nordic country in recent years.
Royal rest for Elizabeth II after a dramatic 11th-hour cancelation and brief hospital visit.
Luxembourg is set to become the first European nation to legalize the growing and use of cannabis, the government announced in a statement on Friday.
Forests have long been celebrated as the natural heroes in the fight against the climate crisis. But another answer to locking carbon dioxide safely away lies right beneath our feet.
Gymnast Simone Biles, who disclosed her mental health struggles during the Tokyo Olympics, says she's "still scared to do gymnastics."
At midnight, Australia's second-largest state emerged from what some experts and local media called the world's longest lockdown.
Leading Formula One drivers defended the popular Netflix "Drive to Survive" fly-on-the-wall series on Thursday after Red Bull's championship leader Max Verstappen said he was snubbing it because he felt some of the rivalries were "faked."
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism-related offenses in connection with the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing, which killed 22 people and injured hundreds more, according to police. 
Down a narrow, winding street in central Rome, golden cobblestones shine out from the footpath in front of homes, etched with the words: "Deportata Auschwitz" ("deported to Auschwitz").
Five British police officers will face misconduct action over social media messages sent in relation to Sarah Everard, who was raped and murdered by a serving police officer, the UK's police watchdog said Friday. 
A deadly explosion at an ammunition disposal plant in Russia's western Ryazan province on Friday killed at least 17 people, Russia's official news agency TASS reported.
Facing elimination, up steps Chris Taylor. 
The NBA is facing another incident involving China after Enes Kanter, center for the Boston Celtics, criticized the country's treatment of Tibet.
In 2018, D'Ernest Johnson wasn't signed by any NFL team after failing to be drafted. 
With 100 race wins and seven world championships to his name so far, Lewis Hamilton can arguably claim to be the greatest Formula One driver in history. 
Greece's Maria Sakkari will make her debut at the WTA Finals after the 26-year-old qualified for the season-ending championships after reaching the quarterfinals at the Kremlin Cup in Moscow.
Moscow will impose a 10-day lockdown from next week in an effort to curb soaring Covid-19 cases, the city's mayor has said, as Russia endures its worst-ever phase of the pandemic.
The National Football League and lawyers for Black players who accused the league of discrimination have filed a joint proposal to "scrap the use of a race-based method to evaluate dementia claims made by former players in the league's concussion settlement," according to a New York Times report.
The New York Knicks edged past the Boston Celtics with a thrilling 138-134 double-overtime victory at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday.
The National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) has agreed in principle on how to handle the changes that are being demanded by players after allegations of sexual misconduct engulfed the league, interim CEO Marla Messing said on Wednesday.
The European Union is facing mounting pressure from its own lawmakers to withhold funds to Poland as an ongoing spat between Warsaw and Brussels intensifies.
The Western Australian government has offered a 1 million Australian dollar ($750,000) reward for information that leads to the whereabouts of a 4-year-old girl missing for six days in a remote coastal area.
Queen Elizabeth II spent Wednesday night at a hospital while undergoing "preliminary investigations," according to a Buckingham palace spokesperson, after abruptly canceling a planned trip to Northern Ireland this week.
Tom Brady congratulated Aaron Rodgers for becoming a "shareholder of the Bears" after the Green Bay Packers quarterback's celebration in which he could be heard saying he "owned" the Chicago team. 
Canadian athletes looking to compete for Team Canada at the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics this February will need to be fully vaccinated in order to make the team and participate in the Games. 
An Italian DJ claims he suffered a number of injuries following an alleged altercation with MMA fighter Conor McGregor.
London has more public sculptures of animals than it does of women or people of color, a new study has revealed. 
A man charged with the murder of British politician David Amess had links to the ISIS terror group and targeted the MP due to his support for air strikes on Syria, a court in London heard Thursday.
Britain's doctors' union has accused Boris Johnson's government of being "willfully negligent" in its handling of the latest wave of the Covid-19 pandemic, as ministers refuse to introduce mitigation measures despite the country recording more than 50,000 new infections on Thursday.
Boris Johnson lifted almost all Covid-19 restrictions in July. Now, Britain's caseload is soaring as experts warn the country could be in for a rough winter.
He's enjoyed the summer of a lifetime, and Xander Schauffele is determined to keep the good times rolling. 
A Spanish drone operator on Tuesday received permission to try to rescue three emaciated dogs trapped near a volcano in the Canary Islands, by catching them with a remote-controlled net and flying them out over a stream of lava.
Australia's Victoria state will not do special deals with unvaccinated athletes to allow them to compete at major events, an official said on Tuesday, putting Novak Djokovic's Australian Open title defence and bid for the Grand Slam record in doubt.
On what was a momentous day for the Milwaukee Bucks, it couldn't have gone any better for the now defending NBA champions. 
Five days after UK Member of Parliament David Amess was stabbed to death, lawmakers in the UK are now believed to face a "substantial" threat, the Home Secretary said Wednesday evening in the House of Commons.
Newcastle United has issued a statement urging fans to refrain from wearing mock Arab clothing or head coverings following the Saudi Arabian-backed takeover of the club.
Liverpool narrowly edged past 10-man Atletico Madrid in an all-time classic Champions League encounter, as the two sides shared five goals in the Spanish capital.
Staff at an English animal hospital were in for a shock when they responded to a call about an unusual creature -- which turned out to be an aggressive and deadly snake.
Afghanistan's new Taliban rulers won backing from 10 regional powers at talks in Moscow on Wednesday for the idea of a United Nations donor conference to help the country stave off economic collapse and a humanitarian catastrophe.
Millions of Russians face strict new Covid-19 restrictions from this week after a slow vaccination drive, an overwhelmed health care system and widespread mistrust in government combined to plunge the country into its most deadly phase of the pandemic to date. 
A sex-tape, alleged blackmail and two French soccer stars: as the trial of French striker Karim Benzema kicks off today, it was always going to draw attention. 
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a late winning goal to complete a stunning Manchester United comeback against Atalanta in the Champions League.
Lionel Messi inspired Paris-Saint Germain to a thrilling 3-2 victory against RB Leipzig in the Champions League on Tuesday but the night also revealed the Argentine's magnanimity. 
Former Washington State Cougars football coach Nick Rolovich plans to take legal action against the university following his firing on Monday for failing to comply with the state's Covid-19 vaccine mandate, his attorney told CNN on Wednesday.
Two former German soldiers have been arrested on suspicion of attempting to create a paramilitary unit to fight in Yemen's civil war, prosecutors said Wednesday.
Queen Elizabeth II is resting at Windsor Castle after "reluctantly" accepting medical advice to cancel a trip to Northern Ireland, planned for Wednesday and Thursday, Buckingham Palace has said.   
Former Australia cricketer Michael Slater has admitted himself into care for "health and mental issues" after being charged by police following a report of a domestic violence incident in Sydney.
Manager Steve Bruce has left Newcastle United by mutual consent just 13 days after the Saudi Arabia-backed takeover of the Premier League club. 
It's not often an NBA star can quietly make his way through a crowd unnoticed. But with celebrities like William H. Macy, Martha Stewart, and Guy Fieri roaming the grounds of the Food & Wine Classic in Aspen, Colorado last month, Portland Trail Blazers guard CJ McCollum figured he had a decent chance to quietly taste wines, meet vineyard owners and avoid attention. 
Former Washington Spirit player Kaiya McCullough has told CNN that the abuse she faced at the hands of former coach Richie Burke left her "dreading having to go on the field" and "hoping I would get hurt at practice." 
Novak Djokovic will not be able to enter Australia to defend his Australian Open title unless he is fully vaccinated for Covid-19, the country's immigration minister said on Wednesday, putting the Serb's grand slam record bid in doubt.
Ahead of the start of the NBA's 75th season, the sport's commissioner Adam Silver told reporter that he hopes Brooklyn Nets star Kyrie Irving gets vaccinated against Covid-19. 
The National Hockey League has handed a 21-game unpaid suspension to Evander Kane of the San Jose Sharks after an investigation into whether he submitted a fraudulent Covid-19 vaccination card, according to Front Office Sports and ESPN, which cited unnamed sources.
The European Commission's chief executive warned Poland on Tuesday that its challenge to the supremacy of European Union law called into question the very foundations of the 27-nation bloc and could not go unpunished.
A total of 43 police staff in the Australian state of Victoria have been stood down from duty and could face being fired after they failed to comply with a Covid-19 vaccine mandate, Victoria Police said.
Addiction can "happen to any of us," Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge warned while launching an awareness campaign in London on Tuesday. 
Washington State University's head football coach, Nick Rolovich, and four assistant coaches are losing their jobs because they failed to comply with the state's Covid-19 vaccine mandate, the university's athletics department said Monday.
The strategy comes less than two weeks before the UK government hosts the COP26 conference in Glasgow, Scotland, where British Prime Minister Boris Johnson will seek to commit dozens more leaders to make net zero pledges.
An earthquake struck off the Greek island of Karpathos early on Tuesday, shaking towns and cities across the eastern Mediterranean, witnesses and media said.
Football's world governing body FIFA says it's "deeply concerned" at images that have recently emerged on social media of the Congolese Under-20 women's national team.
Famed basketball announcer Dick Vitale has lymphoma and will have six months of chemotherapy, he announced on ESPN.com on Monday.
Heat pumps literally take heat from one place and pump it to another. They typically extract heat from the air or the ground, and they work like a refrigerator, but in reverse. Here's what else to know.
The five victims of last week's attack in Norway were all stabbed to death, rather than killed by bow-and-arrow as previously thought, police said Monday.
The trial of a 96-year-old former Nazi concentration camp secretary has finally began in Germany, weeks after she went on the run just before she was due in court. 
Sixty-eight percent of English Premier League players have been fully vaccinated and 81% of players have received at least one Covid-19 vaccination dose, the league announced in a statement on Tuesday.
U.S. figure skater Nathan Chen on Monday said his disappointing performance at the Pyeongchang Games in 2018 gave him a fresh perspective on the sport.
The Australian government is offering one-off payments to help people leave violent relationships.
Given the severity of the climate crisis, one might assume that agreement on key issues would be simple. But politics and science have a complicated relationship and, in 2021, multilateralism relies as much on political self-interest as it does on facts.
It's been quite the few months for British tennis -- you've been introduced to Emma Raducanu, now prepare for Cameron Norrie. 
New Zealand Rugby is mourning the death of Māori All Blacks player Sean Wainui after the 25-year-old died in a car accident on Monday.  
UK fans of the NFL flocked to North London for the two 2021 London Games this month -- but could the capital city soon become a permanent home to an NFL franchise?
Australian golfer Hugh Brown made a hole-in-one just two months shy of his 100th birthday. His feat came 61 years after his last hole-in-one.
Spain's literary world has been thrown into chaos after a coveted book prize was given to "Carmen Mola" -- a lauded female thriller writer who turned out to be the pseudonym of three men.
About 400 Australian koalas will be vaccinated against chlamydia as part of a trial that researchers say they hope could play a significant role in the longer-term survival of the animals.
France and FC Bayern Munich defender Lucas Hernández has until October 28 to voluntarily enter prison after breaking a restraining order in 2017.
After allegations of abuse in women's football surfaced in recent weeks in the US, Venezuela and Australia, the sport's world governing body FIFA fears they could be the "tip of the iceberg." 
The inaugural winners of Prince William's Earthshot Prize include the country of Costa Rica, an Indian organization that creates fuel from agricultural waste and a coral farming group in the Bahamas.
Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg has "Rickrolled" an audience, all in the name of climate activism.
European football's governing body has ordered England to play its next two UEFA competition matches at Wembley Stadium behind closed doors, the second of which is suspended for a probationary period of two years, following crowd trouble at this summer's Euro 2020 final.
Lawmakers in the Czech Republic are looking to strip President Miloš Zeman of his powers, after his hospitalization left the country in limbo.
Rory McIlroy says he's capable of being the best player in the world after he won his 20th PGA Tour title at the CJ Cup on Sunday.
Police are searching for a 4-year-old girl who went missing from a campsite in Western Australia on Saturday. 
Russia is suspending its permanent mission to NATO in response to the alliance's expulsion of eight Russians, Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said Monday. 
Three human rights activists unfurled a banner reading "No Genocide Games" and a Tibetan flag at the flame-lighting ceremony for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics on Monday. 
Ah, the joys of youth. 
The Premier League match between Newcastle and Tottenham Hotspur was suspended in the 41st minute on Sunday due to a "medical issue" in the crowd, the league wrote on Twitter. 
Romans are voting in a run-off election to decide the Italian capital's next mayor -- with a center-left or center-right candidate vying for the post.
The Chicago Sky have won their first championship, defeating the Phoenix Mercury 80-74 in Game 4 of the WNBA Finals on Sunday.
The Washington Football Team paid tribute Sunday to beloved football legend Sean Taylor, who was killed in 2007 while protecting his family from a home burglary.
Team Jessica Korda won the Aramco Team Series on Saturday, the first Ladies European Tour event to be held in the US. 
Fungie was instrumental in bringing Dingle's tourism to life. But more importantly, he helped educate people about the wider marine world. 
Greek police detained two human rights activists after they unfurled banners at the Athens Acropolis on Sunday opposing the Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics as China's Games organizers prepare to receive the Olympic flame.
With less than a minute to go in the Mississippi Rebels and Tennessee Volunteers game Saturday night, fans threw trash onto the field following a defensive stop by the Rebels at Neyland Stadium in Knoxville, Tennessee. 
Think of cricket-playing nations and the likes of India, Australia and England might come to mind. Not so much Oman, a country nestled on the corner of the Arabian Peninsula with limited history when it comes to red or white-ball versions of the game.
The pressure on Manchester United manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer was ratcheted up a few notches on Saturday afternoon as his side lost 4-2 to Leicester City in the Premier League. 
Russia has reported a record number of Covid-19 cases and deaths in the past 24 hours, data from the country's Coronavirus Response Center showed Saturday.
A teenager triggered a large-scale police operation after a restaurant owner mistook a Lego toy gun he was carrying for a real weapon.
UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson and opposition Labour Party leader Keir Starmer visited the church Saturday where lawmaker David Amess was fatally stabbed while meeting with constituents, hours after his killing was declared a terrorist incident.
British Conservative lawmaker David Amess has died after being stabbed multiple times at a constituency meeting east of London.
Mohamed Salah scored his second wonderful solo goal in as many Premier League games as Liverpool spoilt Claudio Ranieri's return to management in the UK. 
Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford has been advised by his manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer to "focus on football" rather than off-field commitments as he gets set to return to play from injury. 
Having become the NFL's all-time leader in passing yards earlier this month, it was fitting that Tom Brady, quite literally, stuck out like a sore thumb last night.
Anyone who has ever leaped over a couch to prevent a party balloon from touching the living room floor can now dream of parlaying those skills into a World Cup triumph.
The suspect in a deadly bow-and-arrow attack in Norway has been charged with five counts of murder, police said Friday, and is being held in a high-security psychiatric ward rather than a prison amid concern over his mental health. 
Attacks on individual lawmakers in Britain are rare, but their work can leave them exposed in face-to-face encounters with strangers.
Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison announced Friday he will travel to Glasgow for the COP26 climate summit later this month, marking an about-turn for the leader who previously indicated he might not attend the talks.
The monarch's remarks offered a rare glimpse into her opinion on the climate crisis.
South Korean short track speed skater Shim Suk-hee, who was at the center of public sentiment for revealing physical and sexual abuse by her former coach, has been dropped from the national team over controversial text messages, putting her hopes of taking part in the Winter Olympics in jeopardy.
Poland's parliament passed legislation on Thursday that human rights advocates say aims to legalize pushbacks of migrants across its borders in breach of the country's commitments under international law.
Kyrie Irving, the Brooklyn Nets' star who won't be allowed to play this season because of his refusal to get the Covid-19 vaccine, could net as much as $19 million without setting foot on the court.
Ons Jabeur of Tunisia already was a trail blazer in her own right when she became the first Arab woman to win a WTA Tour title and advance to the quarterfinals in a grand slam event.
Police in Kenya have arrested the husband of long-distance runner Agnes Tirop after she was stabbed to death on Wednesday.
Queen Elizabeth II has said the lack of action on tackling the climate crisis is "irritating," in remarks captured on video at the opening of the Welsh Parliament.  
Tour de France organisers have designed a highly treacherous route for the 2022 edition which will feature rides in gusting winds, cobblestones and punishing mountain stages.
Kenyan long-distance runner Agnes Tirop, who represented her country at the recent Tokyo Olympics, has died aged 25, Athletics Kenya (AK) announced in a statement Wednesday.
Brooklyn Nets guard Kyrie Irving said Wednesday that he is unvaccinated against Covid-19, a day after his team said the seven-time All-Star would not be allowed to begin play this season because of his status.
A former rising track star is suing Nike and her ex-coach for $20 million, saying she suffered emotional abuse at an elite training program. 
EA Sports will remove former Las Vegas Raiders head coach Jon Gruden from Madden NFL 22, the video game company announced Wednesday. 
Several people have been killed and several were injured by an attacker in the Norwegian town of Kongsberg, 85km to the West of the capital Oslo, a press officer for Norwegian Police told CNN on Wednesday.


While the legacy of his kneeling protest against police brutality and racial injustice continues to underscore sporting events around the world, Colin Kaepernick has not been involved in an NFL game in over five years -- and he hasn't given up on playing again.
The suspect in the Norway bow-and-arrow attack was a convert to Islam and police had been in contact with him before the killings on Wednesday over concerns about radicalization, police chief Ole Bredrup Sæverud said Thursday.
Afghanistan's women's junior football team and their immediate families will be relocated to Britain from Pakistan "shortly" after being granted visas by the UK government.
Around 300 more people fled their homes early on Thursday as flows of molten rock pouring from the Cumbre Vieja volcano threatened to engulf another area on the Spanish island of La Palma.
The trial of four senior members of Egypt's security services started on Thursday in their absence, with the quartet facing charges over their alleged role in the disappearance and murder of student Giulio Regeni in Cairo in 2016.
Police in Kenya named the husband of long-distance runner Agnes Tirop as a "suspect" in her death after the 25-year-old was stabbed to death on Wednesday.
A 24-year-old Turkish woman who stands 215.16 centimeters (7 feet, 0.7 inches) tall has been confirmed as the world's tallest living woman by Guinness World Records.
Jon Gruden's comments tarnish the Raiders' legacy as perhaps the most racially progressive and inclusive franchise in the NFL.
Queen Elizabeth was pictured using a rare walking stick in London's Westminster Abbey Tuesday, as she attended a service to mark the centenary of UK armed forces charity the Poppy Legion.
Despite calls to disclose the full results of the independent investigation into the Washington Football Team's workplace culture, National Football League spokesperson Brian McCarthy told CNN on Wednesday that more details will not be released due to the confidentiality element of the investigation. 
Few players saw the picture of a football pitch -- the space, the opportunities and the dangers -- quicker than Xabi Alonso.
FIFA President Gianni Infantino has floated the prospect that Israel might co-host the World Cup in 2030, according to Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett.
Jon Gruden has been removed from the Tampa Bay Buccaneers Ring of Honor following his resignation as the head coach of the Las Vegas Raiders on Monday. 
Relatives of Covid-19 victims have hit out at "deeply upsetting" images of Boris Johnson seen painting while on vacation -- just one day after his government was slated for its handling of the pandemic.
Wales international David Brooks has revealed he's been diagnosed with stage two Hodgkin Lymphoma. 
Poland plans to spend over 1.6 billion zlotys ($404 million) on building a wall on its border with Belarus, according to a draft bill lawmakers are due to discuss on Wednesday, in a bid to stem the flow of migrants trying to cross.
Jon Gruden, who resigned as head coach of the Las Vegas Raiders following reports of homophobic, racist and misogynistic emails, was not even a target of the NFL investigation which led to his rapid downfall. 
Jon Gruden resigned Monday as head coach of the Las Vegas Raiders after reports emerged of him using homophobic, racist and misogynistic language in emails while he worked as an ESPN analyst.
Having become the all-time leading goalscorer in men's international football last month, Cristiano Ronaldo looks determined to put as much distance between himself and the chasing pack as possible. 
In the country that first legalized gay marriage, the Dutch crown princess has the right to marry a person of any gender without giving up her right to the throne, the Prime Minister of the Netherlands said on Tuesday.
The FIFA World Cup qualifying game between England and Hungary was marred by crowd violence and a "racially aggravated offence," according to a statement from the London Metropolitan Police. 
The European Union is running the risk of winding up its most important ally next month, after the bloc agreed to send a team to observe Venezuela's regional elections, set to take place on November 21. 
The British government failed to act quickly enough in its initial Covid-19 response, enabling the virus to spread rapidly through communities and resulting in thousands of deaths, lawmakers said in a damning report published Tuesday.
Two teenage boys have been charged after "allegedly deliberately killing 14 kangaroos" in the Australian state of New South Wales (NSW) at the weekend, police said Tuesday.
Anna Nordqvist was supposed to be getting married in a castle in Scotland, but because of the Covid-19 pandemic, she and her husband had a smaller ceremony at home in Arizona, US, with guests watching over Zoom instead.
NFL veteran Ryan Russell says Jon Gruden's resignation as head coach of the Las Vegas Raiders is not enough and has called on the NFL to do more to make the sport more inclusive. 
Germany became the first country after host Qatar to qualify for next year's FIFA World Cup with a 4-0 win against North Macedonia on Monday.
Baltimore Ravens quarterback Lamar Jackson had a career game on Monday night, helping his team to a huge 31-25 comeback victory against the Indianapolis Colts. 
Tennis players planning to compete in the Australian Open at Melbourne Park should get vaccinated for Covid-19 to give themselves the best chance of playing the grand slam, an Australian government official has said.
In 2017, Martin Stark almost died. 
The rollout of Covid-19 vaccinations to schoolchildren in the United Kingdom has opened up a new front in the disinformation war: anti-vax campaigners are now taking their protests to the school gates.
The Vatican cannot be sued in European courts because it is a sovereign state, the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) ruled Tuesday in dismissing a suit from survivors of abuse by Catholic clergy.
France will ban plastic packaging for nearly all fruit and vegetables from January 2022 in a bid to reduce plastic waste, the environment ministry said on Monday.
Two-time NBA champion JR Smith made his college golf debut on Monday exactly a year to the day after he won an NBA title with the Los Angeles Lakers. 
Brooklyn Nets general manager Sean Marks has confirmed Kyrie Irving "will not play or practice with the team until he is eligible to be a full participant," as issues relating to the star guard's vaccination status continue.
Australia's energy minister on Monday rejected a call from the lobby group for the country's biggest companies to set stricter emissions limits on polluters but gave no indication what targets the government may announce ahead of UN climate talks this month.
Brooklyn Nets head coach Steve Nash has admitted that his team will be without Kyrie Irving for foreseeable home games, as issues relating to his star guard's vaccination status continue. 
Cincinnati Bengals kicker Evan McPherson had a moment to forget on Sunday during his team's thrilling clash with the Green Bay Packers. 
For more than a year and a half, Australia has shut itself off from the world, closing borders and imposing strict lockdowns to stamp out Covid-19 outbreaks in a bid to eliminate the virus entirely. But on Monday its largest city is taking the first tentative steps to living with Covid.
In 2019, Ko Jin-young broke a golf legend's record, and on Sunday, she matched another legend's record in her dominant Founders Cup victory. 
Czech President Miloš Zeman's health has stablized after being admitted into intensive care following a dramatic election that appeared to eject the country's populist prime minister from power.
France came from behind to defeat Spain and claim the UEFA Nations League on Sunday thanks to goals from Karim Benzema and Kylian Mbappé.
Lava flowing from the Cumbre Vieja volcano on Spain's La Palma island sparked a fire at a cement factory Monday, leading to at least 2,500 residents to be ordered into lockdown to protect their health, a local official said.
Alexander Schallenberg was named Austria's new chancellor on Monday, after his predecessor Sebastian Kurz resigned abruptly amid a corruption scandal.
Tennis star Iga Swiatek says she will be donating $50,000 of her prize money in support of World Mental Health Day, after progressing to the last 16 of the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells on Sunday. 
Brazilian footballer Neymar has said that next year's FIFA World Cup in Qatar could be his last. 
Read CNN's Fast Facts about soccer player Cristiano Ronaldo to learn about the all-time leading male goalscorer in international football.
A record number of people attempted to cross the border between Poland and Belarus Saturday, amid accusations that Belarus is facilitating migration to the European Union's eastern border.
London's police force has decided to take "no further action" against Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, following a review sparked by Virginia Roberts Giuffre, who has filed a lawsuit against him in New York for alleged sexual abuse. 
While the likes of the NFL are leading the way in public vaccine advocacy and transparency -- the league said it had reached a vaccination rate of over 90% among players by late September -- the uptake among footballers in the English Premier League remains shrouded in mystery.
A performer at Moscow's renowned Bolshoi Theatre was killed on Saturday in an accident on stage during an opera.
A plane carrying a group of parachute jumpers crashed in the Russian region of Tatarstan on Sunday, killing 16 people and injuring six, the Emergencies Ministry said.
Pride in Football, the alliance of LGBT+ supporters' groups in Britain, criticised Newcastle United's takeover by a Saudi Arabia-led consortium and called for reforms to the Premier League's owners' and directors' test.
Stephanie Labbe is smiling. Swedish striker Kosovare Asllani has just placed the ball on the spot to take the first kick of a penalty shootout to decide the gold medal match of the women's 2020 Olympic soccer final.
In a fight that is being talked about as one of the all-time great heavyweight bouts, Tyson Fury retained his WBC title after knocking out Deontay Wilder at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas on Saturday.
Blocks of molten lava as large as three-story buildings rolled down a hillside on the Spanish island of La Palma while a series of tremors shook the ground on Sunday three weeks after the volcanic eruption.
Valtteri Bottas, who started in pole positiion, cruised to win the Turkish Grand Prix on Sunday as his Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton finished fifth to limit the damage to his Formula One title defense.
It was technically a home game for the Atlanta Falcons home game, but with the array of colored jerseys on display providing a vivid backdrop at the Tottenham Hotspur Stadium on Sunday, it was as much a gathering of footballer lovers.
Austria's Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said in a televised speech he was stepping down from his office Saturday evening following corruption allegations.
Having to leave Barcelona came as a shock to Lionel Messi, but the Argentina forward said familiar faces have helped him to settle at Paris St Germain.
The Archbishop of Toledo in Spain has apologized after two artists filmed a racy music video in the city's cathedral, saying he was completely unaware of the project and its content.
A broadcaster for MLB Network has apologized for using a term that referenced slavery while on-air during a playoff game Friday.
Britain faces a critical shortage of workers, leading to fuel supply constraints, a run on petrol stations and unstacked shelves in supermarkets due to lack of staff or undelivered foodstuffs. Despite this immediate crisis affecting millions of people, "gotcha" questions on trans rights have become a feature of this year's political party conference season, say trans advocates.
Britain's new sporting hero Emma Raducanu, who stunned the tennis world when she won the US Open in September, experienced that losing feeling as she was beaten 6-2 6-4 by Aliaksandra Sasnovich in the Indian Wells tournament's second round on Friday.
Jon Gruden, head coach of the NFL's Las Vegas Raiders, used racially insensitive language to describe NFL Players Association executive director DeMaurice Smith, who is Black, in an email sent in 2011, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal. 
Brooklyn Nets star Kyrie Irving will be allowed to practice at the team's facility in New York City, but still won't be able to play in Nets' home games at Barclays Center because of the city's vaccine mandate, a City Hall official told CNN on Friday.
France completed a famous comeback against Belgium on Thursday, overcoming a two-goal deficit to win 3-2 and reach the final of the UEFA Nations League.
Top jockey Oisin Murphy has been stood down from the rest of his races on Friday after he revealed he had tested over the drink riding limit. 
And so it comes down to this. 
A federal judge in Nevada has recommended that the rape case involving Manchester United forward Cristiano Ronaldo be dismissed.  
When Meghan, Duchess of Sussex opened up about her miscarriage last year, she was widely praised for the bravery she showed. Now, Sophie, the Countess of Wessex and the Queen's daughter-in-law, is speaking about another deeply personal issue riddled with stigma.
In recent years, Spain has produced some of the world's best footballers and it looks like there's another star emerging. 
Players from the National Women's Soccer League stopped play during the sixth minute in the first matches scheduled Wednesday night and joined together at center circle in solidarity for a minute.
Eighteen former NBA players have been indicted on charges that they allegedly defrauded a health care plan of millions of dollars that served current and former players, according to an indictment unsealed Thursday.
The trial of a 100-year-old former SS guard starts Thursday in the German town of Brandenburg an der Havel. 
A furious Tyson Fury vowed to knockout Deontay Wilder when the two rivals meet for the third time on Saturday in Las Vegas with the Briton's WBC heavyweight title on the line.
After a truncated, pandemic-hobbled 2020, the MLB playoffs have come roaring back in full force. Here's a brief recap, and what to watch for.
Not long after his transfer from Sporting to Manchester United, it quickly became apparent that Bruno Fernandes was the Premier League club's most influential player.
Rachele Mussolini, granddaughter of the Italian fascist leader Benito Mussolini, won the highest number of votes in Rome's city council elections, official results showed Wednesday.
A Brazilian footballer is facing a charge of attempted murder after kicking a referee in the head and knocking him unconscious.
A Saudi Arabian-backed takeover of Newcastle United has been agreed, the Premier League and the club announced on Thursday.
Golden State Warriors forward Andrew Wiggins has said he felt like he had no choice but to get the Covid-19 vaccine. 
Water the plants, cut the grass, sign Cristiano Ronaldo -- it was quite the summer in Gary Lineker's garden. 
Boris Johnson should be in trouble. There are very real challenges to everyday life unfolding all over Britain.
Brooks Koepka and Bryson DeChambeau, arguably the fiercest rivals in golf right now, are set to go head-to-head in the next installment of "The Match" on November 26. 
The ruler of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum, used agents of Dubai and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) to hack into and monitor the phones of his ex-wife Princess Haya bint al-Hussein, her legal advisors, and staff, during an ongoing custody battle concerning their two children, England's high court has ruled. 
Pope Francis on Wednesday called a report detailing decades of abuse in the French Catholic Church "a moment of shame," and called upon leaders of the Church to ensure "similar tragedies" never happen again. 
The next World Cup is due to be held in Qatar -- where homosexuality is illegal. The Euros were marred by homophobic sentiment in the Hungary v Germany match and LGBTQ+ football fans don't feel comfortable to be open about their identity.
Britain's Elinor Barker said she was pregnant when she won a silver medal in the track cycling team pursuit event at the Tokyo Olympics.
Jacksonville Jaguars owner Shad Khan has criticized but ultimately stood by Urban Meyer after lewd videos of the NFL team's head coach were shared widely online.
Former National Women's Soccer League (NWSL) player Mana Shim has accused former coach Paul Riley of being a "predator" who "sexually harassed" her.  
With another round of international matches looming in the football calendar, questions about players being released to represent their countries remain a headache for the Premier League.
Read Fast Facts from CNN about former UK Prime Minister David Cameron.
View the Gerry Adams Fast Facts on CNN and learn about the former president of Sinn Fein, the leading republican political party in Northern Ireland. 
Former Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson said Cristiano Ronaldo should have started last weekend's 1-1 home draw with Everton instead of being brought on as a second-half substitute by current boss Ole Gunnar Solskjaer.
Swedish artist Lars Vilks, who stirred worldwide controversy in 2007 with drawings depicting the prophet Mohammed with the body of a dog, was killed in a car crash near the southern town of Markaryd on Sunday, police said.
Members of the Catholic clergy sexually abused more than 200,000 minors in France over the last seven decades, a survey carried out as part of an independent probe into abuse within the church estimates, according to the head of the commission that produced the report.
FC Barcelona and Nigeria striker Asisat Oshoala made history earlier this year by becoming the first ever African to lift the Women's Champions League. Her roll call of individual and team accolades is a symbol of her rise and rise in the game - a far cry from her humble origins.
The ATP is investigating domestic abuse allegations made by world No. 4 Alexander Zverev's ex-girlfriend, the governing body for men's professional tennis announced Monday.
A dinky dinosaur around the size of a chicken is the oldest of its kind to be found in the United Kingdom. 
Bubba Wallace made history Monday, becoming just the second Black driver to win NASCAR's Cup Series race, the association's top series. 
The Cumbre Vieja volcano on the Spanish island of La Palma is now erupting even more aggressively after weeks of gushing lava, Spain's Instituto Geográfico Nacional (IGN) said Sunday.
The hotly anticipated clash between River Plate and Boca Juniors -- known as the Superclasico -- didn't disappoint on Sunday, with Argentine football's biggest match producing no end of drama.
The UK's Crown Prosecution Service has authorized local police to charge a London Metropolitan Police officer with one count of rape, amid ongoing public outcry over women's safety in the country.
A river of red-hot lava gushing from the Cumbre Vieja volcano on Spain's La Palma thickened on Monday, after the north side of the crater collapsed the previous night causing spectacular explosions, but authorities ruled out further evacuations.
German soccer club Union Berlin has apologized after anti-Semitic incidents were reported during the UEFA Europa Conference League match against Israeli team Maccabi Haifa on Thursday.
A small private plane crashed into an empty building on the outskirts of Milan, northern Italy, on Sunday, killing all eight people onboard, police said.
Tom Brady wins in Foxborough -- it happens. This time was a little different though. 
Former Manchester United player Park Ji-sung has asked fans to stop singing a famous chant about him which makes reference to Koreans eating dog meat. 
Russia said on Monday it had successfully test launched a Tsirkon (Zircon) hypersonic cruise missile from a submarine for the first time, a weapon President Vladimir Putin has lauded as part of a new generation of unrivaled arms systems.
Claudio Ranieri has been appointed as the new manager of English Premier League club Watford on a two-year contract.
Sonny Colbrelli became the first Italian to win the Paris-Roubaix Monument classic in 22 years when he prevailed on his debut in a three-man sprint finish at the end of a grueling race on Sunday.
When Tanitoluwa "Tani" Adewumi mulls his next move on a chessboard, his instinct is to pile pressure on his opponent.  
Liverpool and Manchester City played out an exhilarating 2-2 draw in the Premier League on Sunday, in a match which saw Mohamed Salah score a magical solo goal. 
Kenya's Joyciline Jepkosgei stormed to victory in the elite women's race at this year's London Marathon on Sunday, crossing the line in an impressive two hours, 17 minutes and 43 seconds.
Aaron Jones of the Green Bay Packers received a heartwarming gesture from his team after losing a pendant containing his father's ashes during a game. 
When thousands gathered to mourn the death of Sarah Everard, a 33-year-old woman who was kidnapped, raped and murdered in March, London police responded with force. 
Between 2,900 and 3,200 pedophile clergymen have worked in the French Catholic Church since the 1950s, the president of an independent commission on sexual abuse told CNN Sunday. 
Paris Saint-Germain slumped to a shock 2-0 defeat against Rennes Sunday, bringing its perfect start to the new Ligue 1 season to an end. 
On Sunday, Boris Johnson will walk among his Conservative faithful for the first time since October 2019, as members of the UK's governing party gather in the English city of Manchester for their 2021 conference. 
UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson has described the police's failure to take violence against women and girls sufficiently seriously as "infuriating," in an interview with British newspaper The Times after the killing of Sarah Everard and more than 100 other women in Britain this year. 
Sky Brown became Great Britain's youngest ever Olympic medalist this summer -- now she wants to encourage young girls worldwide to find their own success.
Britain's Lizzie Deignan rode to a landmark victory in the inaugural Paris Roubaix Femmes as rain, mud and crashes made it a memorable debut for the world's best female riders over the infamous cobbled course on Saturday.
The commissioner of the National Women's Soccer League has resigned and the league has called off all matches scheduled for this weekend following a report by The Athletic detailing allegations of sexual coercion and misconduct against Paul Riley, who coached three NWSL franchises over eight seasons.  
This time there was no late intervention from Cristiano Ronaldo as Manchester United drew 1-1 with Everton at Old Trafford.
US climate envoy John Kerry said Saturday that global targets to slash greenhouse gas emissions are "do-able," striking an optimistic tone at the end of final high-level meeting before the COP26 international climate talks in Glasgow next month. 
In a rare and exclusive interview with CNN, Belarus leader Alexander Lukashenko was defiant when asked to address human rights abuses since he claimed election victory last year.
Australia's Prime Minister Morrison Scott Morrison made it clear his loyalty lies with his deputy, Barnaby Joyce, and not with international allies who are urging Australia to take greater action to cut emissions.
Aurore Foursy describes her first date with Julie Ligot as one of the longest in history. After matching on Tinder, they met up at Julie's apartment on Friday night and stayed together until Monday. The chemistry was instant. 
There are premieres and there are royal premieres, and Bond is the only movie franchise able to guarantee a blue-blooded red-carpet appearance. Not one but two palace limousines pulled up at the Royal Albert Hall this week to deliver the first and second in line to the throne and their spouses.
A day before Tom Brady's much-hyped return to Gillette Stadium for the first time as a visitor, the 44-year-old Tampa Bay quarterback added to the hype.
Ukrainian hockey authorities have been widely criticized for the lenient punishment it handed out to one of the league's players for performing a racist gesture. 
Brazil football legend Pele was discharged from hospital on Thursday following surgery to remove a tumor from his colon.
Princess Beatrice of York, the grandaughter of Queen Elizabeth II, has revealed the name of her baby daughter -- and it includes a touching tribute to the British monarch.
After a 35-year hunt, a former police officer has been identified as being behind a series of murders, rapes and false imprisonment, French officials said Thursday.
Former English Premier League referee Mark Clattenburg has been criticized for making "outdated" comments about female referees.
Ugly scenes marred the Europa League for a second consecutive round of fixtures last night, as violence between opposing fans broke out across multiple games.
With nearly three quarters of all adults fully vaccinated against Covid-19, the European Union is a world leader in inoculations. But the impressive headline number is obscuring an uncomfortable reality: the rollout has been extremely unequal across the union.
Steven Gerrard, manager of Scottish football team, Rangers, says he's "not surprised" Sparta Prague fans booed Glen Kamara during their 1-0 defeat in the Europa League on Thursday.
Twin volleyball players from South Korea, Lee Jae-yeong and Lee Da-yeong, have completed a transfer to Greek club PAOK Thessaloniki, months after being dropped from their national and club sides following claims of bullying. 
London's Metropolitan Police has issued advice to women approached by lone police officers in the wake of Sarah Everard's murder, including telling them to run "into a house," "wave down a bus" or call the police on 999 if they do not believe the officer is "who they say they are" after questioning them.
You don't get to be the world No. 1-ranked chess player without plotting multiple moves ahead.
The National Women's Soccer League team North Carolina Courage fired head coach Paul Riley on Thursday afternoon following accusations of sexual coercion and misconduct by former players who were coached by him.
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko tells CNN he won't apologize for the widespread human rights violations in the country since his disputed re-election last year.
The Covid-19 Omicron variant was present in the Netherlands a week before two flights arrived from South Africa carrying the virus, Dutch health officials said Tuesday, throwing the timeline of the variant's spread in Europe into question.
Michigan Wolverines head football coach Jim Harbaugh will donate the bonus money he'll earn this season to employees of the athletic department who were impacted by Covid-19-related pay cuts, Harbaugh said.
In an exclusive interview with Golf Digest, Tiger Woods spoke publicly about his golfing future for the first time since his car crash earlier this year. 
EU, Iranian and Russian diplomats sounded upbeat as Iran and world powers held their first talks in five months on Monday to try to save their 2015 nuclear deal, despite Tehran taking a tough stance in public that Western powers said would not work.
They are safe and alive, and have the prospect of new lives in the United Kingdom, but for 130 Afghan female football players and their families it's an existence still full of uncertainty.  
It was an unhappy birthday for Russell Wilson on Monday Night Football as the quarterback saw his potential game-tying pass intercepted to seal a 17-15 loss for the Seattle Seahawks (3-8) against the Washington Football Team (5-6), scuppering a dramatic comeback.
With "no clear indication" that recent measures implemented by governing bodies and social media companies have done anything to tackle racism in football, worldwide players' union FIFPro wants to help set up an independent research center to gather data on incidents of abuse.
Russia said on Monday it had carried out another successful test launch of its Zircon hypersonic cruise missile, hailed by President Vladimir Putin as part of a new generation of unrivaled arms systems.
New lava tubes from the Cumbre Vieja volcano on Spain's La Palma island have sent molten lava flowing downhill at speeds of up to 1 meter (3 feet) per second since Monday, according to the Canary Islands Volcanology Institute. 
Cristiano Ronaldo says the editor of France Football, Pascal Ferré, "lied" after claiming the Portuguese forward told him of his ambition to retire with more Ballon d'Or awards than Lionel Messi. 
Former Egypt international Mohamed Aboutrika has described homosexuality as a "dangerous ideology" amid an English Premier League initiative championing LGBTQ+ inclusion. 
With less than a year to go before the start of the 2022 FIFA World Cup, questions surrounding host nation Qatar's handling of humanitarian issues show few signs of abating -- specifically concerning the state's anti-homosexuality laws.
Tiger Woods spoke about his golf future on Tuesday in his first press conference since suffering serious leg injuries in a February single-vehicle rollover accident. Woods is hosting the Hero World Challenge in the Bahamas this week.
Novak Djokovic is unlikely to play at the Australian Open if rules on Covid-19 vaccinations are not relaxed, the world number one's father, Srdjan Djokovic, said.
Fenway Sports Group (FSG), which owns Major League Baseball's Boston Red Sox and English Premier League team Liverpool, has reached an agreement to acquire controlling interest of the National Hockey League's Pittsburgh Penguins.
Skiing star Mikaela Shiffrin equaled Ingemar Stenmark's record for the most World Cup wins in a single discipline on Sunday as she claimed the 46th slalom victory of her career. 
Lionel Messi won his seventh Ballon d'Or title on Monday, while Alexia Putellas won her first Ballon d'Or Féminin title. 
All adults in the United Kingdom will be able to get their booster Covid-19 vaccine doses three months after their second shot, the government indicated on Monday, in a dramatic acceleration of the country's inoculation drive that comes amid fears over the Omicron variant.
Boston Celtics center Enes Kanter, an outspoken critic of human rights issues, will become a US citizen Monday and legally change his name to Enes Kanter Freedom, the NBA player told CNN's John Berman. 
On a weekend marked with feast, the New England Patriots made sure they had a seat at the table as their defense ate up the Tennessee Titans in the second half in a 36-13 victory. 
Cristiano Ronaldo's benching in Manchester United's 1-1 draw against Chelsea on Sunday prompted a fierce debate between leading pundits Jamie Carragher and Roy Keane.
Manchester United has announced Ralf Rangnick as the club's interim manager until the end of the season.
Philadelphia 76ers star Joel Embiid returned to the court on Saturday night after being forced to miss nine games due to a positive Covid-19 result.
The world's best footballers will be recognized at the annual Ballon d'Or ceremony in Paris on Monday.
Swedish lawmakers have again elected Magdalena Andersson to the role of prime minister -- days after she resigned from the post -- and she is set once more to become the first female leader in the country's history.
Lee Elder, who was the first Black golfer to play at the Masters, has died at the age of 87, the PGA Tour confirmed on Monday.
"I can't leave January 21, 2008, in the past," says Mallory Weggemann, a five-time Paralympic medalist swimmer.
When the Czech President Milos Zeman formally appointed Petr Fiala as the country's new Prime Minister on Sunday, he did so sitting inside an acrylic glass box accompanied by health workers covered head to toe in hazmat suits.
LeBron James' celebration of Thursday's overtime victory over the Indiana Pacers has landed the Los Angeles Lakers forward with a fine from the NBA.
People in Switzerland have voted to approve the government's health measures against Covid-19, in the wake of a large increase in new cases this month. 
Benfica's Primeira Liga match at Belenenses on Saturday was abandoned amid extraordinary scenes after their Covid-19-hit opponents were forced to name a team of nine players -- including two goalkeepers.
Midfielder Jorginho went from zero to hero as Chelsea and Manchester United played out a pulsating 1-1 draw on Sunday in the Premier League. 
George Kambosos Jr. produced one of the shocks of the years as he beat Teofimo Lopez to become the unified world lightweight champion on Saturday night.  
Former Kansas City Chiefs and Houston Oilers legend Curley Culp died Saturday, according to a statement from his family. Culp was 75 years old. 
Frank Williams, the founder of the Williams Formula 1 team and the longest-serving team principal the sport has ever seen, has died at 79. 
Human Rights Watch (HRW) has accused the International Olympic Committee (IOC) of sportswashing serious human rights violations in the case of Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai.
New York Islanders games have been postponed through at least Tuesday due to a Covid-19 outbreak within the team, the National Hockey League (NHL) announced on Saturday.
The press conference in Dubai ahead of the World Chess Championship is running 30 minutes late. However, that hasn't quelled the feverish anticipation of the crowd of journalists clambering for a good spot to photograph Magnus Carlsen, the world's best chess player. 
The Women's Tennis Association (WTA) "remains deeply concerned" that Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai "is not free from censorship or coercion."
It was Premier League club Newcastle United's first match of a new era. St. James' Park was packed to capacity with expectant fans and the sound of jubilant chants filled the air on the Tyneside on Sunday, October 17th.
After playing 13 Premier League games, Newcastle United still haven't won a match, the club's latest setback coming in Saturday's 2-0 defeat by Arsenal.
It proved less of a match, more a walk in the park for Brooks Koepka.
Daniel Carlson kicked a 29-yard field goal in overtime to condemn the Dallas Cowboys to a heartbreaking home 36-33 loss to the Las Vegas Raiders on Thanksgiving. 
The festive season is typically time for pigs in blankets, but at one British golf club, some oinkers have been creating quite a stir. 
World Athletics has found that female athletes were the target of 87 percent of all online abuse at this year's Tokyo Olympics.
Ralf Rangnick is set to be been named as Manchester United's interim manager, the Athletic and other media outlets reported on Thursday.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky says a group of Ukrainians and Russians is planning to carry out a coup against him next week.
Belgium obliterated Armenia 19-0 on Thursday night in their Women's World Cup qualifying clash. 
Police in Liverpool, northwest England, have launched a murder inquiry after a 12-year-old girl was killed in an assault in the city center Thursday evening.
Fast bowler Pat Cummins was confirmed as Australia's 47th test captain on Friday, tasked with galvanising the team at short order before the Ashes amid the fall-out from Tim Paine's resignation and decision to take a break from cricket.
A gas leak in a Siberian coal mine killed at least 52 people on Thursday, Russian news agencies said, including six rescuers who were sent down to try to bring out dozens of men.

Priti Patel, Britain's hardline home secretary, is under renewed scrutiny following the deaths of dozens of people in the English Channel -- one of the worst tragedies affecting migrants bound for Britain in recent memory.
Even as a three-year-old, Tom DeBlass noticed that his father sometimes looked different when he returned home.
Long-time International Olympic Committee (IOC) member Dick Pound has said that he is "puzzled" by the reaction to a video call between three-time Olympian Peng Shuai and IOC president Thomas Bach.
The Duke of Cambridge's comments about Africa's population growth beingbad for wildlife are inaccurate and hypocritical. And, they'll stigmatize women
French fishermen have said they will block the Channel Tunnel and English Channel ports in northern France on Friday in protest over post-Brexit fishing rights.
A young girl was among 27 people who drowned in bitterly cold waters off the coast of France on Wednesday, after an inflatable boat carrying migrants bound for Britain capsized, in one of the deadliest incidents in the English Channel in recent years. 
British and French leaders have ramped up a war of words over dangerous crossings of the English Channel after at least 27 people died making the sea journey Wednesday, bringing to a head simmering tensions in the migration crisis.
Manchester City came from behind to defeat Paris Saint-Germain 2-1 on Wednesday as both teams qualified for the knockout stages of the Champions League.
Real Madrid striker Karim Benzema was handed a one-year suspended prison sentence and a 75,000 euro fine ($84,000) Wednesday for complicity in attempted blackmail of his former France teammate Mathieu Valbuena. 

Russian President Vladimir Putin has tested an experimental Covid-19 nasal vaccine that is not yet in clinical trial phase, his fourth vaccination in total, he said Wednesday.
Snowboarder Marko Grilc has died following an accident in the Austrian ski resort of Sölden, two of his sponsors have confirmed.
The Neanderthal, thought to be in his late 50s or 60s when he died about 50,000 years ago, has been recently diagnosed with brucellosis, a disease that's still widespread today and is acquired through direct contact with infected animals.
A two-time NBA scoring champion knows a winner when he sees it: Tracy McGrady is backing Steph Curry and the Golden State Warriors to vindicate his preseason championship prediction.
The ex-girlfriend of former NFL player Zac Stacy testified Wednesday that she fears for her and her two children's safety after allegedly being violently assaulted by Stacy on November 13 in Oakland, Florida.
There were lighthearted jibes about physiques, then a facial expression became a viral internet meme. 
A Norwegian broadcaster said two of its journalists were arrested by Qatari officials after reporting on the treatment of workers ahead of the 2022 FIFA World Cup.
It could be argued that the history of the World Cup can be defined as before and after the game between England and Argentina 32 years ago -- with one Diego Armando Maradona as protagonist.
A season high total and getting two fans ejected -- a return from suspension was always going to make LeBron James the centre of attention but even by his standards, Wednesday night was eventful.  
A British lawmaker has asked for an investigation into the rules around bringing babies into the House of Commons, after a member of Parliament was told she could no longer bring her child into the chamber.
Sweden's first female Prime Minister, Magdalena Andersson, has resigned from office only hours after being voted in, Sweden's official Twitter account announced Wednesday. 
A UK government compensation scheme for migrants, many of whom came from the Caribbean to rebuild Britain after World War II, has paid out on just 5% of potential claims, British lawmakers say.
Soccer star Karim Benzema has been handed a one-year suspended prison sentence and fined 75,000 euros ($84,000) over his involvement in the attempted blackmail against former French national teammate Mathieu Valbuena with a sex tape, the Olympiacos player's lawyer confirmed to CNN.
Barcelona limped to a goalless draw at home to Benfica in Xavi's first Champions League match as head coach, meaning the team now needs to win away at Bayern Munich to guarantee progress through to the knockout stages.
People in the UK say climate change, pollution and the environment are together the most important issues they face, according to new poll.
Edwina Brocklesby, 78, is a person that once you have met, you'll never forget -- and that's not because of her fluffy red locks or colorful nails. 
Bayern Munich stars Joshua Kimmich and Eric Maxim Choupo-Moting have tested positive for Covid-19, the German club said on Wednesday.
Three German political parties have sealed a deal for a new government, with left-leaning Olaf Scholz the proposed next chancellor following lengthy coalition negotiations and a historic election that sees Angela Merkel stepping down after 16 years at the helm. 
The Women's Tennis Association (WTA) has become the world's "most effective" human rights organization over its leadership on the Peng Shuai case and willingness to lose money to stand by its principles, said Kelley Eckels Currie, former U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues.
The German Finance Minister has the best shot at forming a new government in Germany after leading his Social Democratic Party (SPD) to a narrow victory in Sunday's parliamentary elections. 
Famous college basketball announcer Dick Vitale could not hold back the emotion as he returned to commentating on Tuesday night. 
The Ukrainian naval patrol boat "Kremenchuk" churns out into the gun-grey waters of the Sea of Azov, one mounted machine gun pointing aft, another pointing fore into the drizzle.
Octopuses, crabs and lobsters are capable of experiencing pain or suffering, according to a review commissioned by the UK government, which has added the creatures to a list of sentient beings to be given protection under new animal welfare laws.
"It's relentless -- relentless," sighed nurse Claudiu Ionita, standing in front of a line of gurneys in Bucharest University Hospital's morgue. On each gurney lay a body inside a black plastic bag.  
At least 45 people, including 12 children, were killed when their bus crashed and erupted in flames in Bulgaria early Tuesday, authorities said. 
Portugal shut down its last remaining coal plant over the weekend, ending the use of the polluting material for electricity generation and becoming the fourth country in the European Union to do so.
Tom Brady and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers returned to winning ways on Monday Night Football, beating the New York Giants 30-10 at Raymond James Stadium. 
Los Angeles Lakers star LeBron James on Monday was suspended for a game without pay for the first time for making contact with Detroit Pistons star Isaiah Stewart in the face.
The coach of the Chicago Red Stars resigned Sunday, a day after leading his team to the National Women's Soccer League title game and a day before a Washington Post report alleged that players had accused him of verbal and emotional abuse.
Rudy Guede, the only person to remain convicted over the murder of British student Meredith Kercher in Italy, has been released from prison, his lawyer Fabrizio Ballarini told CNN on Tuesday.
With just under a year to go until the Qatar 2022 World Cup, FIFA President Gianni Infantino said that he has seen "great evolution" in the Gulf country. 
AS Roma player Felix Afena-Gyan says he believes there was "no racist intent" in a comment made by an unidentified person while the Ghanaian forward unboxed a new pair of shoes given to him by manager Jose Mourinho.
Bubba Watson sunk to his knees and asked for "God to take" his life.
Manchester United started life without Ole Gunnar Solskjaer with a 2-0 victory against Villarreal on Tuesday courtesy of goals from Cristiano Ronaldo and Jadon Sancho. 
Rugby league legend Kevin Sinfield says he is "broken" after completing a 101 mile run over 24 hours in aid of motor neurone disease (MND) research.
France's prime minister has tested positive for Covid-19, forcing five Belgian ministers to also go into self-isolation after meeting with the French politician Monday.
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko's willful manipulation of migrants, enabling their easy passage to and through his country toward the border of the European Union, is a classic assault on democracy by an autocrat who knows that any attempt to fight back risks undermining the bloc's sacred values.
Protests in European countries against new Covid-19 restrictions turned violent over the weekend as cases continue to rise in the continent.
Alexander Zverev capped the best season of his career so far with an eye-catching 6-4 6-4 win over Daniil Medvedev to capture his second ATP Finals title, but there still remains one lingering doubt about the world No. 3's credentials.
A French league game between Lyon and Marseille was abandoned on Sunday night after Marseille's Dimitri Payet was hit in the head by a bottle thrown from the home fans. 
Golfing legend Tiger Woods posted a short video of himself taking a practice shot out on a golf course on Sunday.
China continues to face pressure over tennis star Peng Shuai, who disappeared from public life after making explosive allegations of sexual assault against a retired top Communist Party official. 
New video of Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai released on Saturday is insufficient to allay concerns about her health and safety, the head of the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) said.
International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach held a video phone call with three-time Olympian Peng Shuai, the Olympics governing body announced on Sunday, amid a wave of global concern about Peng's wellbeing and whereabouts.
Lewis Hamilton put in a faultless drive to win Sunday's inaugural Qatar Grand Prix and cut Max Verstappen's championship lead to just eight points.
It was clear who the losers were in the dispute between Poland and Belarus. The thousands of migrants who became stranded on the border in freezing conditions had their dreams of a new future in Europe dashed, and some are now being repatriated to their home countries. But for Poland's government, the crisis helped to divert attention from a series of uncomfortable issues.
Thought you had a good Sunday? Jonathan Taylor might have a claim for one of the best out there. 
Within hours of Manchester United announcing the sacking of manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, the hashtag 'ThankYouOle' started trending. 
Manchester United have confirmed the departure of manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, one day after the club suffered a humiliating 4-1 Premier League defeat at Watford.
Most of the 250 permanent residents of a volcanic Italian island have been told to evacuate after levels of carbon dioxide in the air spiked dangerously, causing respiratory problems to people and their pets.
Thousands of people have been stranded at the border between Poland and Belarus for months, trapped at the center of an intensifying geopolitical dispute.
The 2021 season has been a pivotal one for Cleveland Browns quarterback Baker Mayfield, both on and off the field.
Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta played down his furious touchline row with Liverpool head coach Jurgen Klopp during the Gunners' 4-0 defeat at Anfield on Saturday.
A 70-year-old man sustained a "serious leg injury" in southwestern France on Saturday after an encounter with a bear, according to a statement from the southwestern prefecture of Ariège. 
Russian rescue dog Monika has a new spring in her step after being fitted with titanium prosthetic legs -- just months after doctors suggested she should be put down because of severe injuries. 
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II has reached her first wedding anniversary since the death of her husband, Prince Philip.
Players will have to be fully vaccinated to participate in the upcoming Australian Open, with Tennis Australia Chief Executive Officer Craig Tiley hopeful that men's world No. 1 Novak Djokovic will be competing.
"From early on there was a lot of, 'You lot sit over there near the toilets,' the word 'P***' was used constantly, no one ever stamped it out," said former cricketer Azeem Rafiq as he laid bare this week his experience of racial abuse at one of England's top clubs.  
As Western Europe's vaccination rollout gained strength in the early part of 2021, many of the region's leaders touted the shots as their immediate route out of the pandemic.
With the 2020 editions of the biggest football matches in South America postponed and played in front of a handful of fans due to the Covid-19 pandemic, this year's upcoming tournament finals are promising a different look by bringing supporters back in the stands.
As athletes grapple with the pros and cons of using social media, Usain Bolt tells says he has the utmost sympathy for them as he recalled the way he was treated as a young athlete.
A large fire broke out in a building on boulevard des Capucines, near the Place de L'Opera square in central Paris on Saturday, sending clouds of smoke rising into the air.
Pillow fighting is moving out of the bedroom and into the boxing ring when Pillow Fight Championship (PFC) holds its first live, pay-per-view event in Florida on Jan. 29.
At least two people were wounded after police in the Dutch city of Rotterdam fired warning shots during a protest over Covid-19 measures on Friday, the first of a handful of anti-lockdown protests planned across Europe this weekend.
Last year, driver Kyle Larson watched the NASCAR Cup Series Championship from afar.
The chaos at the border between Poland and Belarus is just the latest incident to get top brass in Brussels pondering what the European Union should do long-term about its internal security. 
Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton has been widely praised after showing his support for the LGBTI community during a practice session on Friday for the Qatar Grand Prix. 
Reality star Kim Kardashian and Leeds United soccer club owner Andrea Radrizzani helped former Afghanistan captain Khalida Popal in flying 130 Afghan women soccer players and their families from Pakistan to Britain on Thursday.
There are just three races to go in one of the hardest fought, most closely contested Formula One championships in recent history -- and Valtteri Bottas believes he knows where the drivers' title is headed. 
The document is going to be kept secret for 90 years, according to a ruling earlier this year.
Tim Paine has stepped down as Australia's Test cricket captain over an investigation into texts sent to a female colleague in 2017.
The Ghana Football Association (GFA) has emphatically hit back at match manipulation allegations made by South Africa after the sides' World Cup qualifying match on Sunday.  
After a down year following the departure of Tom Brady to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Bill Belichick's New England Patriots Patriots once again look like one of the best teams in the NFL. 
Austria is going back into a national lockdown and plans to become the first country in Europe to make Covid-19 vaccinations mandatory for all eligible people as the nation's coronavirus crisis deepens, Chancellor Alexander Schallenberg announced Friday.
While South Africa's rugby team has decided not to take a knee before games, former Springbok Bryan Habana says he would have done so if he had the opportunity during his playing days.
At least 50 of Qatar's workers died in 2020, as gaps in data collection by the country's institutions impeded the International Labour Organization (ILO) from presenting a categorical figure on the number of fatal occupational injuries, a report released by the organization on Thursday said. 
Baseball's sensational two-way star Shohei Ohtani was unanimously voted the 2021 American League Most Valuable Player on Thursday.
Makeshift migrant camps at a checkpoint on the Belarus-Poland border, where thousands had amassed in recent weeks, were cleared by Belarusian authorities on Thursday, ending a months-long standoff that has ratcheted up tensions in the region.
The head of the Women's Tennis Association has cast doubt on an email claiming to be from Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai, saying it only raises further concerns for her safety. 
Former cricketer Azeem Rafiq, who testified about his experiences of being subjected to racism while playing for Yorkshire County Cricket Club (YCCC) before a UK parliamentary panel on Tuesday, has apologized for unspecified comments he says he made in 2011. 
A British F-35, one of the newest stealth fighter jets in the UK military, crashed into the Mediterranean Sea on Wednesday morning while operating off the aircraft carrier HMS Queen Elizabeth, the UK Defense Ministry said in a tweet.
Germany reported its highest single day surge of Covid-19 infections as Chancellor Angela Merkel said the "dramatic" situation was the result of the fourth wave "hitting our country with full force."
Garbiñe Muguruza became the first Spanish player to win the season-ending WTA Finals as she beat Anett Kontaveit 6-3 7-5 on Wednesday. 
Forget fetching sticks and chewing bones, that's so last century. Today's dogs have much more exciting options when it comes to hobbies --- including video calling their owners.
Dozens of aid workers involved in refugee rescues, including a Syrian refugee, go on trial in Greece this week on charges of spying and disclosing state secrets, in a case rights groups have decried as "farcical" and "politically motivated."
The decision by a major French dictionary to include a gender-inclusive pronoun in its online edition has triggered angry reactions from lawmakers and defenders of the nation's language.
Giannis Antetokounmpo exploded for 47 points to fire the Milwaukee Bucks to a 109-102 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday night.
Former England cricketer Ebony Rainford-Brent was told to "leave our country" in a vitriolic, hand-written racist letter.
Former Yorkshire cricketer Azeem Rafiq says he would stop his children from getting into cricket as he doesn't want his "son or daughter to be in pain."
World Cup winner Lilian Thuram has urged White footballers to take a more active role in the decision to stop matches by walking off the pitch if Black players are being racially abused.
When the cards were dealt, Chris Moneymaker could hardly have been happy.
Canada took another step towards booking its place at the 2022 World Cup after beating Mexico 2-1 in near freezing conditions. 
Bob Hendrikx, the Dutch inventor of the "Loop" coffin, says it decomposes in weeks instead of years and feeds on the human body. 
The World Golf Hall of Fame has created the Charlie Sifford Award which will be presented to individuals for "their spirit in advancing diversity in golf."
Armenia and Azerbaijan agreed on Tuesday to a ceasefire at their border, the Armenian Defense Ministry said, after Russia urged them to step back from confrontation following the deadliest clash since a war last year.
Canelo Alvarez will attempt to become a five-division titleholder after a fight with WBC cruiserweight champion Ilunga Makabu was confirmed by the WBC yesterday.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has announced a new framework on transgender athletes, saying that no athlete should be excluded from competition on the assumption of an advantage due to their gender. 
Britain's Queen Elizabeth has undertaken her first engagements since being forced to miss the Remembrance Sunday service over the weekend after spraining her back. 
Michael Savarino, a grandson of legendary Duke basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski, was arrested Sunday morning and charged with driving while impaired, and Paolo Banchero, his passenger, was cited by the North Carolina State Highway Patrol, officials said Tuesday.
Last month, Austrian police made a remarkable discovery. In a raid on a house in the town of Baden, they found an arsenal of weapons and 1,200 kilograms of ammunition -- as well as Nazi paraphernalia and a large amount of gunpowder. 
Are the Golden State Warriors the favorites for this season's NBA title? Steph Curry believes challenging for the crown is in the squad's make up. 
Cuban activist Yunior Garcia has arrived in Spain on a tourist visa, along with his wife, a Spanish government official confirmed to CNN on Wednesday.
Violence erupted at the Poland-Belarus border on Tuesday, as migrants desperate to cross into the European Union threw stones at Polish border guards who responded with water cannon and tear gas.
The European Union's top court ruled on Tuesday that Polish rules allowing the justice minister to assign judges to higher criminal courts or to remove them without stating reasons violated EU law.
The arrival at Alfa Romeo next season of Guanyu Zhou as China's first Formula One driver is a massive boost for the team and for the sport in a key growth market, principal Frederic Vasseur said on Tuesday.
A gang of jewelery thieves have been jailed for a string of burglaries on the homes of celebrities, where they made away with £26 million ($34.9 million) worth of luxury stolen goods.
A family of four were rescued by a helicopter Tuesday after their vehicle got stuck in the Australian outback following bad weather and flooding.
Manchester City defender Benjamin Mendy has been charged with two additional counts of rape by the Cheshire Constabulary, the Crown Prosecution Service announced on Tuesday.
Julio Lugo, the Dominican-born shortstop who played for seven major league teams and won a World Series ring with the Boston Red Sox, has died, his former team said Monday.
The Ottawa Senators' season has been halted for at least a week due to a Covid-19 outbreak within the team. 
Europe's leaders are toughening their stances towards unvaccinated people and pursuing measures that increasingly isolate them from the rest of society, as frustration grows over stalling shot rollouts and a wave of Covid-19 infections on the continent.
Monaco's Princess Charlene will rest for several weeks and avoid public duties, including the principality's national day celebrations, while she recovers from ill health, the Monaco royal palace said on Tuesday.
Long before Venus and Serena Williams were old enough to pick up a tennis racquet, their father had their future mapped out.
Alarm bells are ringing in Europe's halls of diplomacy. In recent days, senior Western officials have expressed their concern at the thousands of Russian forces that have appeared near the eastern borders of Ukraine.
Tennis maverick Nick Kyrgios has rowed back on comments supporting unvaccinated athletes, saying it would not be "morally right" to let them play at the Australian Open.
Having not won a home game in over a year, it seems like the San Francisco 49ers only enjoy hosting one team these days.
Former cricketer Azeem Rafiq has spoken to UK lawmakers about his calls for disciplinary action to be taken by Yorkshire County Cricket Club (YCCC) following an investigation that found he had been subjected to racial harassment and bullying.
There's David against Goliath, and then there's this. 
Every sports team has an expectation to succeed, but few do like the All Blacks. 
A massive funnel-web spider with fangs capable of piercing human fingernails has been donated to an antivenom program in Australia, sparking an appeal for its anonymous donor to come forward.
The Irish rugby union team has friends in high places.
UK police have declared a car explosion that took place in Liverpool on Sunday a terrorist incident. Officers said they believe a man entered a taxi with an improvised explosive device that suddenly went off.
Austria will implement lockdown measures for all those age 12 and older who are not fully vaccinated against Covid-19 from Monday, Chancellor Alexander Schallenberg announced.  
Novak Djokovic was given a stern test by Norway's Casper Ruud in his opening match of this year's ATP Finals, but eventually proved too good for his opponent, winning 7-6 6-2 to open his account in Turin, Italy.
World No. 1 Nelly Korda won a dramatic four-way playoff with some of golf's biggest names to continue her dominant 2021 season. 
Roger Federer is unlikely to play in next year's Australian Open but is still determined to make a return to tournament tennis at some stage, according to his coach Ivan Ljubicic.
The European Union has said it will slap new sanctions on Belarus targeting "everyone involved" in facilitating a migrant crisis on the bloc's eastern frontier, as military moves and accusations continue to test a fragile political order in the region.
"I'm back!" Superman has returned to Carolina and he marked his return in typical heroic fashion. 
On Sunday, in front of packed Ricardo Torno circuit in Valencia, Spain, the curtain finally fell on the extraordinary career of the most iconic motorcycle racer in history, Valentino Rossi.
A late goal from Aleksandar Mitrovic saw Serbia stun Portugal on Sunday and qualify for next year's FIFA World Cup.
UK police arrested three young men after a car explosion killed one person and left another injured near a Liverpool hospital.
Lewis Hamilton produced one of the greatest performances of his career to hunt down Formula One title rival Max Verstappen and win an action-packed Sao Paulo Grand Prix on Sunday.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II missed the Remembrance Sunday service in central London after spraining her back, Buckingham Palace said Sunday.
Kylian Mbappe scored four goals as reigning World Cup champions France qualified for the 2022 edition of the tournament, beating Kazakhstan 8-0. 
The air in the Belarusian forest is thick with the smoke from scores of small fires. People cough and choke but they keep burning the sticks of wet wood: it's the only way to warm up as temperatures start to fall sharply.
A shipment of $44 million (£33 million) worth of cocaine was found in an onion ring cargo in Coquelles, France, UK border officials said.
The quarterback is the most important position in the NFL, tasked with orchestrating the offense in the search of touchdowns and winning games. 
Could Cam Newton once again be the Carolina Panthers' Superman and rescue the team? 
Australia won its first T20 World Cup title after beating New Zealand by eight wickets in the final on Sunday. 
The risk of an accidental war breaking out between Russia and the West is greater than at any time during the Cold War, Britain's most senior military officer has said in an interview with Times Radio. 
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger has been placed on the reserve/Covid-19 list and will miss Sunday's game at home against the Detroit Lions, the team announced Saturday.
It seems every week NBA superstar Steph Curry is making history. 
Barcelona legend Dani Alves is set to be reunited with his former teammate and now manager of the Spanish giants, Xavi, after the club "reached an agreement in principle" for him to return.
Russian President Vladimir Putin insisted Saturday that Russia has "absolutely nothing to do with" the ongoing crisis at the Poland-Belarus border, where thousands of people are stranded in desperate conditions.
Tiger Woods has not appeared publicly on the golf course since his February car accident, but fellow pro Justin Thomas says the 15-time major winner will try to return if it's possible. 
Goals from Christian Pulisic and Weston McKennie gave the US a vital 2-0 victory against Mexico on Friday in the race to qualify for the 2022 FIFA World Cup. 
Pope Francis on Saturday thanked journalists for helping to uncover the clerical sexual abuse scandals that the Roman Catholic Church initially tried to cover up.
Russia and Belarus flexed their military might for a third time this week near the Poland-Belarus border, where thousands of people are stranded in deplorable conditions, trapped at the center of an intensifying humanitarian and geopolitical crisis. 
Former Raiders coach Jon Gruden alleges in a lawsuit that the NFL and Commissioner Roger Goodell sought to destroy his career and reputation through a malicious and orchestrated campaign. 
Green Bay Packers star quarterback Aaron Rodgers has been activated off the NFL's reserve/Covid-19 list, the team confirmed on Saturday.
When Australia's last two flamingos Greater and Chile died in 2014 and 2018 respectively, it was believed that would be the last time the country would see the majestic birds. Now they have been preserved and put on display.
The Miami Dolphins defense produced a sterling effort to stifle the Baltimore Ravens and help the Florida team claim a 22-10 upset victory on Thursday Night Football. 
Germany recorded its biggest win in 15 years with a 9-0 thumping of Liechtenstein in the sides' FIFA World Cup qualifier on Thursday.
Austria is days away from ordering millions of unvaccinated people to stay at home, its chancellor has said, in a rare move that underscores the increasing exasperation of European leaders towards those who have not yet been inoculated against Covid-19. 
Paris Saint-Germain and France midfielder Aminata Diallo was released from police custody without charge on Thursday night, according to the Versailles prosecutor's office, after her teammate Kheira Hamraoui was attacked by masked men as the two women drove home together earlier this week.
David Henderson, who organized the flight that crashed and left football player Emiliano Sala and pilot David Ibbotson dead, has been sentenced to 18 months in prison for endangering the safety of the aircraft, Cardiff Crown Court confirmed to CNN on Friday.
New Zealand batsman Devon Conway will miss the T20 World Cup final against Australia on Sunday after breaking his hand by punching his bat. 
The duchess brought litigation against Associated Newspapers Limited in 2019.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in India for allegedly threatening to rape the infant daughter of the country's cricket captain, Virat Kohli, as team members face a barrage of online abuse following their disappointing T20 World Cup campaign.
The Los Angeles Clippers secured their sixth victory in a row, hanging on to beat the visiting Miami Heat 112-109 despite 22 points from Kyle Lowry in the fourth. 
Former New York Mets reliever Pedro Feliciano died on Monday at age 45, the team confirmed in a statement. 
Prince Charles' longest serving and closest aide has stepped down voluntarily as head of The Prince's Foundation amid claims of misconduct first reported by the Sunday Times.
A former girlfriend of Minnesota Vikings running back Dalvin Cook has accused him of assault, battery and false imprisonment related to an altercation that allegedly occurred at his Minnesota home nearly a year ago, to which Cook claimed on Wednesday he was the one who was assaulted.
A Minnesota Vikings player was rushed to an emergency room after experiencing shortness of breath from Covid-19, according to Vikings head coach Mike Zimmer.
Migrants trapped on the border between Poland and Belarus have made hundreds of attempts to breach the frontier, but were repelled by 15,000 Polish soldiers deployed to stop them, according to Polish authorities. 
Andy Murray has snagged what he thinks is possibly his best result of the year so far, defeating top seed and world No. 10 Jannik Sinner in the second round of the Stockholm Open. 
Germany's capital Berlin will ban unvaccinated people from restaurants, bars, cinemas and other entertainment venues from Monday, as the country grapples with its highest surge in Covid-19 cases to date.
Golfers are getting a fair share of the sport's revenue, according one of golf's leading executives, Keith Pelley. 
The Golden State Warriors improved to 10-1 this season with a 123-110 win against the Minnesota Timberwolves at Chase Center on Wednesday. 
Paris Saint-Germain and France midfielder Aminata Diallo has been taken into police custody in connection with an attack on a teammate, the French club said on Wednesday.
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, has apologized to a UK court for forgetting emails she exchanged with an aide who was going to brief the authors of an unauthorized biography about her and Prince Harry, reports the UK's PA press agency. She added that she had "no intention to mislead" the court. 
As the crisis on the border between Belarus and Poland escalates, harrowing stories are emerging of the brutal conditions migrants have endured on their journeys, with some going without food or water for days and others surviving vicious beatings along the way.
It's a top versus bottom affair on Thursday Night Football this week, as the AFC North-leading Baltimore Ravens (6-2) seek to keep their momentum with a win on the road against the struggling Miami Dolphins (2-7), rooted bottom of the AFC East.
World number two Aryna Sabalenka said she got vaccinated against Covid-19 after having to miss last month's Indian Wells tournament because she contracted the novel coronavirus.
The Security Service of Ukraine (SBU) has detained the alleged head of an illegal prison who is accused of involvement in the murder and torture of Ukrainian citizens, the agency said in a statement.
Denver Nuggets center Nikola Jokic has been suspended for one game without pay and Miami Heat forward Markieff Morris has been fined $50,000 following an on-court altercation on Monday, the NBA has announced.
After becoming the most decorated US track and field athlete in Olympics history, Allyson Felix has cemented her legacy on the track. 
Rodgers and Lazard each attended a Halloween party despite being unvaccinated, the NFL determined. 
In the final tournament of her remarkable breakout season, Emma Raducanu lost in three sets at the Upper Austria Ladies Linz to Chinese qualifier Wang Xinyu.
Boston Celtics star Enes Kanter says he felt encouraged to speak out against China after the NBA supported players in fighting other injustices and human rights issues. 
In September, when the White House announced its long-awaited plan to welcome vaccinated European travelers, the United States was consumed by a Covid-19 surge that far outpaced Europe's.
The Cleveland Browns' backfield could be severely depleted for Sunday's game against the New England Patriots, with just one active running back available. 
Two months ago, Denmark was riding high. It lifted all remaining domestic coronavirus restrictions as the government declared Covid-19 was no longer "an illness which is a critical threat to society." But the optimism of September has been short-lived.
The search for a man who went missing after a reported shark attack in Australia has been called off, police said on Sunday. 
The Las Vegas Raiders have waived cornerback Damon Arnette after a video emerged on social media which appeared to show Arnette holding up several guns and threatening to kill someone. 
The Kansas City Chiefs beat the Green Bay Packers 13-7 on Sunday, with the Packers missing their star quarterback Aaron Rodgers who is in Covid-19 protocols. 
South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius, who was convicted of killing his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp in 2013, may soon be eligible for parole, according to corrections officials. 
Polish luger Mateusz Sochowicz said his accident while training on the Olympic track near Beijing on Monday could have resulted in "tragedy" if he had not taken evasive action to try to avoid a closed barrier.
Tensions are escalating on the border between Poland and Belarus, after Polish officials again accused their neighbor of helping move migrants toward the frontier, and warned that thousands of additional military personnel have been mobilized to respond to confrontations.
Former Yorkshire County Cricket Club academy player Irfan Amjad has said in a new interview with the BBC that he was racially abused by a member of staff when he was 16 years old.
Steph Curry recorded 50 points and 10 assists for the first time in his career, overtaking Wilt Chamberlain as the oldest player in NBA history to do so, as the Golden State Warriors continued their blistering start to the season with a 127-113 victory over the Atlanta Hawks on Monday.
Lydia Ko romped to a dominant five-shot victory at the Saudi Ladies International on Sunday. 
French president Emmanuel Macron said France will continue using the country's health pass to ensure uptake of booster shots of the vaccine in a national address Tuesday evening.
Monaco hailed the return of Princess Charlene to the principality on Monday after she had spent most of the year in her homeland South Africa.
The Pittsburgh Steelers survived a late Chicago Bears fightback to chalk up a fourth successive win with a 29-27 victory on a Monday Night Football marked by a highly controversial penalty call.
Thousands of migrants have set up makeshift camps in freezing conditions near the border between Poland and Belarus, as condemnation of Belarusian leader Alexander Lukashenko intensified Tuesday.
A policeman survived a knife attack in the French Riviera city of Cannes on Monday, according to the country's interior minister. 
When the Czech Republic's 200 newly-elected deputies gather for the inaugural session of parliament on Monday, there won't be a single Communist party member there -- for the first time in 76 years.  
After becoming the only current, openly gay player in men's top-flight football last month, Josh Cavallo says in a new interview with the Guardian that he would be "scared" to play at the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar because of the country's homosexuality laws. 
A silent killer is spreading through Australia's koala population, posing a threat that wildlife experts say could wipe out the iconic marsupial across large parts of the country.
Eddie Howe has been named Newcastle United's new Head Coach on a two-and-a-half-year deal until the summer of 2024, the English Premier League club announced in a statement on Monday.
Kim Little scored twice as Arsenal thrashed West Ham United 4-0 on Sunday to make it six wins from six FA Women's Super League games and keep the Gunners top of the standings.
Max Verstappen took a significant step towards his first Formula One championship title with victory at the Mexican Grand Prix.
As Scotland hosts the COP26 climate summit, there is a growing movement to restore and rewild its landscapes. 
Do not scratch your eyes West Ham fans, this is really happening. 
The Brooklyn Nets extended their winning streak to five games with a 116-103 victory over the Toronto Raptors on Sunday.
A cricket match in New Zealand was suspended when the pitch was invaded by some unusual visitors: a swarm of bees.
Kyle Larson has won the 2021 NASCAR Cup Series championship, claiming the trophy after 312 laps of the Phoenix Raceway in Avondale, Arizona, on Sunday.
Barcelona squandered a three-goal league lead against Celta Vigo on Saturday as the club's disappointing form continued. 
The death of a pregnant Polish woman has reignited debate over abortion in one of Europe's most devoutly Catholic countries, with activists saying she could still be alive if it were not for a near total ban on terminating pregnancies.
Drivers will start their engines one last time for the 2021 NASCAR season on Sunday. The Cup Series Championship will see the top four drivers race to the finish line for the chance to hoist the Cup Series trophy.
Welterweight champion Kamaru Usman defeated Colby Covington by unanimous decision early Sunday at UFC 268 at New York's Madison Square Garden. 
Novak Djokovic made tennis history on Saturday as he secured his place as the year-end world No. 1 for the record seventh time. 
After the pandemic scuppered last year's New York City Marathon, one of the world's most prestigious and hotly anticipated running events is set to return on Sunday.
As Week 9 of the NFL season gets underway, here are five things to look out for in the upcoming games. 
Runners from Kenya prevailed in the New York City Marathon Sunday, with Albert Korir winning the men's race, and Peres Jepchirchir taking the women's competition.
Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers will miss his team's trip to face the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday due to Covid-19 protocols. 
On the final day of the Tokyo Olympics, Abdi Nageeye reminded the world what the Games are all about with his unforgettable silver medal marathon performance. 
Barcelona has announced the appointment of club legend Xavi Hernández as the club's new coach on a deal that includes the remainder of the current season plus two additional seasons.
The Balkan state of Bosnia-Herzegovina is on the verge of what analysts warn is its most serious crisis since the end of the Bosnian war in 1995, in which thousands were killed and horrendous acts of ethnic cleansing were committed. 
Revenge will be in the air at Madison Square Garden on Sunday as a tantalizing UFC 268 card tees up two world title rematches.  
Spanish police had an unusual encounter on Friday night when a number of camels and a llama escaped from a circus and wandered onto the Madrid streets. 
A fourth person has died and a woman has been arrested on suspicion of gross negligence manslaughter following a paddleboarding incident in Wales last week.
Manchester United slumped to a fourth defeat of the Premier League season at Old Trafford on Saturday, going down 2-0 against rival Manchester City.
The New York City Marathon returns on Sunday following a two-year hiatus, and at the front of the field, legendary distance runner Kenenisa Bekele is primed to "make more history" in his storied career. 
Europe is facing a potentially devastating winter that could see half a million people die with Covid-19, the World Health Organization (WHO) warned on Thursday, as it sounded the alarm over a surge in cases and bemoaned stuttering vaccination rollouts on parts of the continent.
The men's Afghan cricket team must wait to play its historic Test match against Australia, after Cricket Australia (CA) postponed this month's fixture indefinitely.
Greta Thunberg criticized world leaders and called the COP26 summit a "failure" on Friday, as she led a huge youth protest outside the venue of the climate summit in Glasgow.
The International Modern Pentathlon Union (UIPM) has confirmed horse riding will be dropped from the sport after the Paris Olympics in 2024. 
The chairman of Yorkshire County Cricket Club has resigned amid the club's handling of racism and bullying towards former player Azeem Rafiq, the club announced on Friday.
A study released on Friday by an Australian university looking at multiple catastrophes hitting the Great Barrier Reef has found for the first time that only 2% of its area has escaped bleaching since 1998, then the world's hottest year on record.
Antonio Conte got a crash course in what he can expect as Tottenham Hotspur's new manager after the Italian's first game in charge ended in a 3-2 home victory over Vitesse Arnhem in the Europa Conference League on Thursday. 
 A former security adviser to French President Emmanuel Macron was sentenced on Friday to three years in jail, two of them suspended, over charges including roughing up May Day protesters in 2018, media reported.
The NBA and WNBA have hired a law firm to investigate allegations in an expansive ESPN report that Phoenix Suns and Mercury managing partner Robert Sarver used racist and sexist language for years.   
Green Bay Packers star quarterback Aaron Rodgers confirmed he is unvaccinated against Covid-19 and is disappointed with the treatment he's been receiving in the media while appearing on The Pat McAfee Show on Friday.
On the border between Kansas and Missouri, on a flat expanse of the Great Plains about 90 miles south of Kansas City, is a dirt bike track so outlandish that it looks like an imaginary world in a PlayStation game.
German health officials have warned the country is in the grips of a "very worrying" spike in Covid-19 cases and expanded its booster vaccine program to all adults, after a new record in daily infections was registered for the second day running. 
Royals historically attended these kinds of summits to woo visiting world leaders. Now they go to collaborate with them, too.
A Russian diplomat found dead on the sidewalk outside the embassy in Berlin last month is believed by German authorities to have been a secret agent for a Russian intelligence agency, Der Spiegel magazine reported Friday. 
The name of former Chicago Blackhawks video coach Brad Aldrich has been removed from the Stanley Cup, a Hockey Hall of Fame spokesperson told CNN on Wednesday.
Reports that Russia is moving military hardware some 250 kilometers from Ukraine's border have raised eyebrows in Washington. And Ukrainian forces have deployed combat drones along the battle lines that separate them from pro-Russian separatists.
A 36-year-old man arrested Wednesday in connection with the apparent abduction of 4-year-old Cleo Smith was taken to hospital after self-harming while in police custody, Western Australia Police said Thursday.
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova rallied from a set down to beat Alize Cornet on Wednesday and help the Russian Tennis Federation oust defending champions France and reach the Billie Jean King Cup semifinals for the first time since 2015.
Boris Johnson's government is mired in allegations of sleaze. 
A couple in central Italy who thought they were being burgled were instead shocked to find an endangered brown bear on their balcony.
Cricketer Gary Ballance has admitted that he used a racial slur towards ex-Yorkshire teammate Azeem Rafiq and that he regrets doing so.
When filmmakers were invited to document Eliud Kipchoge's second attempt to run a marathon in under two hours, it was the runner, rather than the run, that captured their imagination. 
Kevin Durant sparkled as the Brooklyn Nets beat the Atlanta Hawks 117-108 for their third consecutive win on Wednesday.
The Atlanta Braves have won their first World Series title since 1995 after defeating the Houston Astros 7-0 in Game 6 on Tuesday night at Minute Maid Park.
Thierry Henry has accused social media companies of making "money through hate" and says they are still not doing enough to fight online abuse on their platforms.
Liverpool put in a dominant performance against Atlético Madrid on Wednesday night, winning 2-0 in a heated encounter at Anfield in the Champions League. 
Two people have died and a third person has been injured after an audience member fell from the seventh floor of a concert hall in Sweden into the crowd below, a police spokesman confirmed to CNN on Wednesday.
Germany's Health Minister Jens Spahn said the country was experiencing a  "massive" pandemic of the unvaccinated as authorities raised the alarm on rising infections and increased pressure on hospitals due to Covid-19 admissions. 
As players return to Saudi Arabia for the Saudi Ladies International this week, the tournament's organizers are hoping it can have a more long-lasting impact. 
Green Bay Packers star quarterback Aaron Rodgers will miss Sunday's road game against the Kansas City Chiefs due to Covid-19 protocols, the team's head coach Matt LaFleur announced Wednesday.
Four-year-old Cleo Smith has been found alive 18 days after she went missing in northwest Australia, and her mother, Ellie Smith, took to Instagram to celebrate the news.
Rana Reider, a prominent track and field coach, is being investigated for alleged sexual misconduct by the US Center for SafeSport, after complaints were made against him, his attorney tells CNN on Wednesday.
Real Madrid became the first team in Champions League/European Cup history to score 1,000 goals.
Former New Zealand prop Carl Hayman has been diagnosed with early onset dementia at the age of 41, shining the spotlight on concussion-related illness in former rugby players.
Barcelona may be without a new permanent manager but the Catalan club still scraped past Dynamo Kyiv 1-0 in the Champions League on Tuesday. 
The chairman of Yorkshire County Cricket Club (Yorkshire CCC) has been summoned to the UK Parliament to answer questions over the club's handling of allegations of "institutional" and "endemic" racism. 
The Los Angeles Lakers' Big Three of LeBron James, Russell Westbrook and Anthony Davis starred in a 119-117 win over the Houston Rockets on Tuesday. 
A late Cristiano Ronaldo goal salvaged a dramatic point for Manchester United on Tuesday as it drew 2-2 against Atalanta in the Champions League at the Gewiss Stadium. 
Climate activist Greta Thunberg has joked that she is adopting a "net-zero" approach to cursing, an apparent response to criticism of her use of strong language at a demonstration earlier this week.  
Green Bay Packers star QB Aaron Rodgers will sit out Sunday's road game against the Kansas City Chiefs due to Covid-19 protocols, according to his team. 
Just after midnight Wednesday, police in Western Australia broke down the door of a locked home in the small town of Carnarvon, ending an extensive 18-day search for a missing 4-year-old girl.
The Atlanta Braves are just one victory away from clinching a first World Series in 26 years tonight but must overcome the rejuvenated Houston Astros and home advantage as the matchup shifts to Minute Maid Park.
Sepp Blatter and Michel Platini, former presidents of FIFA and UEFA, respectively, were indicted for fraud in Switzerland on Tuesday, according to the country's attorney general.
Boris Johnson said he had been humbled to hear the stories of countries on the front lines of the climate crisis and hailed some of the early agreements announced so far at the COP26 summit in an exclusive interview Tuesday with CNN's Christiane Amanpour. 
The NBA celebrated its 75th anniversary with a match-up between New York and Toronto -- just as it was in the beginning. 
Verry Elleegant won the A$8 million ($6 million) Melbourne Cup at Flemington Racecourse on Tuesday, storming home in the final straight to win by three-and-a-half lengths.
The Denver Broncos agreed to trade star linebacker Von Miller to the Los Angeles Rams on Monday, boosting the Rams' hopes of winning a second Super Bowl ring. 
Antonio Conte has been named as Tottenham Hotspur's new coach on a contract until the summer of 2023 with the option to extend, the North London club announced in a statement on Tuesday.
The US-sponsored peace deal that ended war in Bosnia in the 1990s is at risk of unraveling unless the international community takes measures to stop Serb separatists, a peace envoy warned in a report to the United Nations seen by Reuters on Tuesday.
Two UK police officers have pleaded guilty to taking and sharing photos of the bodies of two murdered sisters at a crime scene they were assigned to protect, reports the UK's PA Media news agency.
Miguel Mena, one of the most successful jockeys in Churchill Downs history, was killed in a pedestrian accident in Louisville, Kentucky on Sunday night, just six days from his 35th birthday, the racetrack said in a statement on Monday.
Read CNN's Fast Facts for some background information about Russian opposition leader, Kremlin critic and activist Alexey Navalny.
The Kansas City Chiefs dug deep to complete a hard-fought comeback against the New York Giants on Monday, improving to 4-4 this season. 
Sergio Aguero will be out of action for three months after undergoing a "cardiological evaluation," Barcelona has confirmed.
Tottenham Hotspur announced in a statement on Monday that Head Coach Nuno Espírito Santo has been relieved of his duties after just 17 games in charge.
It feels like, in the regular season at least, that the New Orleans Saints have Tom Brady's number. 
French President Emmanuel Macron said Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison lied to him over the cancellation of a submarine building contract in September, and indicated more was needed to be done to rebuild trust between the two allies.
Linebacker Malik Harrison has a non-life-threatening injury after being hit by a stray bullet in the left calf while attending a gathering in Cleveland on Sunday, the Baltimore Ravens said Monday. 
The Houston Astros kept their dreams of a 2021 World Series championship alive after beating the Atlanta Braves 9-5 in Game 5 on Sunday. 
Atlanta Falcons star Calvin Ridley announced on Sunday that he is stepping "away from football" to focus on his mental health. 
The evergreen Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored his 400th career league goal on Sunday to help AC Milan squeeze past Jose Mourinho's AS Roma 2-1 in a crucial Serie A clash.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II has been pictured driving herself around her Windsor estate on Monday, days after being instructed by her doctors to rest for a least a fortnight and refrain from official visits. 
The International Handball Federation has changed its much-criticized uniform regulations for beach handball, meaning female players will now wear shorts instead of bikini bottoms.
Prince Andrew was barely mentioned in the course of British socialite Ghislaine Maxwell's sex trafficking trial in New York. But the fact jurors found her guilty on five of six counts related to her role in Jeffrey Epstein's sexual abuse of minor girls can hardly be good news for the UK royal.
Russia on Thursday designated a member of the Pussy Riot punk band, a prominent art collector and a well-known satirist as "foreign agents," the latest in a series of moves critics say are designed to stifle dissent.
Rafa Nadal confirmed his bid for a record 21st Grand Slam title on Friday by posting a picture of himself at Melbourne Park on social media and allaying fears that he could miss next month's Australian Open.
Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger has said that Monday Night Football's crucial game against the Cleveland Browns could be his last at Heinz Field. 
It's been a challenging year for the family.
Chelsea boss Thomas Tuchel has said he "did not like" comments made by Romelu Lukaku after the striker revealed he was unhappy with the current situation at the club and expressed his desire to one day return to former club Inter Milan. 
World Athletics President Sebastian Coe said he takes human rights "very seriously" but that Britain's diplomatic boycott of next year's Beijing Winter Olympics is "meaningless."
Manchester City defender João Cancelo said on Thursday he was assaulted during a burglary at his family home which left the Portuguese international with visible facial injuries.
The Boston Celtics great and Hall of Famer Sam Jones has passed away at the age of 88, according to the Celtics and his son.
The Dean of Westminster personally appealed to Buckingham Palace to allow British star Elton John to sing a version of his hit song "Candle In The Wind" at the funeral of Princess Diana, according to newly released government files.
Typically, the New Year is welcomed with the promise of hope and change, yet the Premier League title race looks set to run an increasingly familiar course -- Manchester City winning at a canter.
China has banned footballers from getting tattoos and ordered those with existing ones to remove or cover them up to set a "good example for society," according to a directive issued by the General Administration of Sport of China (GAS).
Not for the first time a statue of soccer superstar Cristiano Ronaldo is getting people talking -- this time in India.
Kyrie Irving says he's "Incredibly grateful just to be back in the building" as he spoke to the media for the first time since it was announced he would rejoin the Brooklyn Nets after a mix of Covid-19 issues and injuries depleted the NBA team's roster, resulting in three postponements of their games.
Former England and Arsenal striker Ian Wright says that media coverage of Europe-based players travelling to the Africa Cup of Nations is "disrespectful" and "tinged with racism".
Hall of Famer John Madden, whose Oakland Raiders teams never had a losing season and a beloved football analyst for three decades, has died, the NFL said Tuesday night.
Russia's supreme court has ruled that the prominent human rights organization must cease all its operations, in the latest blow to the country's shrinking civil society.
Jürgen Klopp was left bewildered by his side's poor performance as Liverpool's Premier League title hopes were dealt a bitter blow by a 1-0 defeat at Leicester on Tuesday night. 
Playing on a professional golf tour can be a lonely place for players, traveling all over the globe with often very little time spent at home. 
A court in Moscow ordered the closure of the Memorial Human Rights Center on Wednesday, in the latest blow to Russian civil society groups.
The Miami Dolphins' hot streak continued to burn brightly with a comfortable 20-3 win against the New Orleans Saints at the Caesars Superdome on Monday Night Football.
Ahead of the French presidential election early next year, Marseille looks set to become a battleground for candidates to show their commitment to addressing socioeconomic problems.
Protesters tossed bottles and fireworks at police as they to voiced their opposition to stricter social distancing rules that went into effect Tuesday across the country.

Test debutant Scott Boland etched his name in the record books and became an instant cult hero in Australian cricket with an astonishing six-wicket haul that wrapped up the Ashes on day three of the third test in Melbourne on Tuesday.
Substitute Edinson Cavani scored in the second half to help Manchester United salvage a 1-1 draw at struggling Newcastle United in the Premier League on Monday.
Kylian Mbappé isn't leaving Paris Saint-Germain -- for now. 
Anthony Martial has asked to leave Manchester United but there have been no offers for the French forward and the club may need to hold onto him if the squad is hit by injuries or more COVID-19 issues, interim manager Ralf Rangnick said.
If revenge is a dish best served cold, Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow delivered a chilling performance in the 41-21 thumping of Baltimore Ravens on Sunday.
The English Premier League has reported a record 103 Covid-19 cases in the week leading up to Boxing Day.
At least 16 people died when their boat overturned off the Greek island of Paros in the central Aegean Sea on Friday, in the third maritime disaster involving migrants this week, the country's coastguard said.
Pope Francis has dedicated a large part of his traditional Christmas message on Saturday to reflect on the pandemic and its impact on relationships.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth has paid tribute to the late Prince Philip during her first Christmas television broadcast since the death of her husband of 73 years.
The bruises on Maria Árnadóttir's body were numerous, ranging in color from pale yellow to deep purple.
An armed intruder was arrested in the grounds of Windsor Castle where Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and some members of her family were spending Christmas, Thames Valley Police said on Saturday. 
It's a commonly held view that football is nothing without fans, but as the Premier League enters the traditional hectic Christmas and New Year period, supporters of the 20 top-flight clubs are left with the dilemma of whether to keep cheering on their teams in packed stadiums against the backdrop of the rapid spread of the Omicron variant.
Russian President Vladimir Putin's past came into sharper focus recently with the admission that, in the tumultuous days following the collapse of the Soviet Union, he earned cash on the side as a taxi driver. 
The Tennessee Titans needed a hero and A.J. Brown answered the call.
Brazilian soccer legend Pelé has been hospitalized for chemotherapy treatment of a colon tumor Wednesday, a spokesperson at Sao Paulo's Albert Einstein hospital confirmed to CNN.
The death of former NFL player Vincent Jackson was due to "chronic alcohol use," according to his autopsy.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said that the ball is in NATO's court when asked about increasing fears of war in Ukraine during his annual press conference on Thursday morning. 
Washington Football Team player Deshazor Everett is being treated for "serious but non-life-threatening injuries" after he was involved in a fatal crash Thursday in Loudoun County, Virginia, according to the Loudoun County Sheriff's Office. 
Mauro Icardi's stoppage-time strike helped 10-man Paris St Germain salvage a fortunate 1-1 draw at lowly Lorient in a dismal performance by the Ligue 1 leaders on Wednesday.
Russia hopes to hold bilateral talks with NATO and the United States in January over security guarantees it is seeking from both, state media RIA Novosti reported Wednesday, citing Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.
The Premier League has been forced to postpone two matches scheduled for Boxing Day due to Covid-19 issues within Leeds United and Watford. 
Prince Harry and Meghan, Duchess of Sussex shared the first photo of their daughter, Lilibet "Lili" Diana, as part of their 2021 holiday card, released six months after she was born.
China has admitted that the Beijing Winter Olympics could bring "Covid-19 cases or small clusters of infections" as "a large number of overseas personnel will gather, causing a very high risk of transmission," an official said at the State Council's press conference on Thursday.
There's a lot of buzz around hydrogen as a climate solution, and fossil fuel companies are using this hype to lock in planet-warming natural gas for decades to come.
Afghanistan's first female Olympian, Friba Rezayee, says she is "very angry" that her country's plight is "falling off the world agenda" as she continues to help those still trying to escape.
The fight against discrimination in football is being fought on many fronts -- by individuals, teams and governing bodies. Premier League club Chelsea is no different.
The oldest family tree in the world has been reconstructed through the analysis of ancient DNA taken from a Stone Age tomb in Britain, according to a new study published Wednesday.
French company Exotec has created robots able to help warehouse staff pick items from shelves up to 12 meters high.
National Hockey League (NHL) players will not take part in the men's ice hockey tournament at the upcoming 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing. 
Canadian Nicholas Latifi spoke out on Tuesday after receiving death threats and online abuse over a crash at the Dec. 12 Abu Dhabi Grand Prix that led to Red Bull's Max Verstappen winning the Formula One title and Lewis Hamilton missing out.
Australian authorities on Wednesday charged a landowner and two companies with more than 250 counts of animal cruelty over the deaths of dozens of koalas during a clearance operation last year.
London's Metropolitan Police has referred itself to the police watchdog over its handling of an alleged Christmas party that took place at Downing Street during lockdown last year, the Independent Office for Police Conduct told CNN on Wednesday. 
Russian President Vladimir Putin says his country has "every right" to "react harshly to unfriendly steps" as the US and NATO continue to pressure Moscow over its aggression towards Ukraine.
The UK's advertising regulator has labeled two promotions for fan tokens by Arsenal as "irresponsible," ruling they were misleading customers over the risks of investing in cryptocurrencies and warned the English Premier League club that they mustn't appear again.
Indianapolis Colts center Ryan Kelly and his wife, Emma, are mourning the loss of their baby girl, Mary Katherine, on social media.
Two US quidditch leagues are set to choose a new name for the "Harry Potter"-inspired sport, due to trademark issues and concerns over the "anti-trans positions" of the series' author, J.K. Rowling.
See CNN's Fast Facts for a look at the life of King Juan Carlos I the former king of Spain.
The Las Vegas Raiders secured a last-second 16-14 victory over a Cleveland Browns team ravaged by Covid-19 absences to reignite their postseason dreams on Monday.
The English Premier League has seen a sharp rise in new Covid-19 cases among players as the Omicron variant continues its rapid spread through Britain. 
A giant millipede, nearly as long as a small car, once crawled around what is now northern England. 
Because of Covid-19 issues, the National Hockey League and NHL Players Association have announced updated plans and now will pause operations leaguewide beginning Wednesday and lasting through Christmas, with team facilities reopening December 26.
Russian Nata Vikhlyantseva has revealed that she will be unable to travel to Australia and attempt to play in the first Grand Slam of next season because her COVID-19 vaccine is not recognised by local health authorities.
A biennial World Cup would generate in excess of $4.4 billion in revenue over a four-year cycle, delegates at FIFA's global summit have been told.
For two years, Australia avoided the worst of the coronavirus pandemic thanks to strict border controls and prolonged lockdowns.
Covid-19 has become the main opponent of several professional leagues and university sports programs as teams are forced to change their game plan in the face of positive tests or coronavirus exposure.
The ruler of Dubai Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum has been ordered to pay his ex-wife Princess Haya bint al-Hussein more than $728 million (£500 million), in one of the largest divorce settlements ever handed down by a UK court.
Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai has denied making sexual assault allegations against a retired Communist Party leader, following more than a month of growing concern about her safety and whereabouts that led to the Women's Tennis Association pulling out of China. 
A photo has emerged that appears to show British Prime Minister Boris Johnson drinking wine with Downing Street staff during the country's first coronavirus lockdown last year.
Rafael Nadal has tested positive for Covid-19 after arriving back in Spain from Abu Dhabi, the 20-time grand slam champion said on Monday.
The quarterback catapulted himself in the air before being tackled and hitting the ground hard. 
Athletes who are good enough to compete in the world championships are among the very best in their field. They dedicate their lives to the pursuit of their craft, they are proud to represent their countries, and they all dream of returning home with medals around their necks.
Tiger Woods and his son Charlie blazed their way to a second place finish at the PNC Championship, Woods' first time competing on a golf course since a car crash that crushed his leg in February. 
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II will not travel to Sandringham for Christmas and will instead celebrate at Windsor Castle, a Buckingham Palace source told CNN on Monday, as the new Omicron coronavirus variant surges in the United Kingdom. 
The seeming inconsistency in the use of VAR over the weekend has raised questions about the standard of officiating in the English Premier League.
The National Basketball Association (NBA) will allow teams dealing with Covid-19 issues to add replacement players due to the rising number of cases, according to a memo dated Sunday and obtained by CNN on Monday. 
Australia beat England by 275 runs in the day-night second Ashes test at the Adelaide Oval on Monday to go 2-0 up in the five-match series.
Tennis player Emma Raducanu was voted BBC Sports Personality of the Year on Sunday, receiving British sport's annual individual accolade as a reward for her remarkable U.S. Open triumph.
YouTuber-turned-boxer Jake Paul knocked out UFC welterweight champ Tyron Woodley during their rematch fight in Florida on Saturday.
The New Orleans Saints delivered a 9-0 shutout over the disappointing Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Tom Brady on Sunday. 
Covid-19 is causing headaches for professional leagues and university sports programs, who find themselves faced with having to reschedule games or find new opponents in the upcoming days.
The Netherlands entered a strict new lockdown Sunday due to fears over the Omicron coronavirus variant, and the UK's health minister wouldn't rule out further restrictions, as Europe braces for a surge in Covid-19 infections over the usually busy festive period.  
Manchester City extended its lead at the top of the Premier League to four points with a 4-0 hammering of relegation-threatened Newcastle United.
Wisconsin men's basketball player Chris Vogt was traveling to play in a crucial matchup against Ohio State last Saturday when devastation ripped through his hometown of Mayfield, Kentucky.
Robert Lewandowski scored his 43rd Bundesliga goal of 2021 to break Gerd Muller's 49-year record of most goals scored in a calendar year.
Has Boris Johnson lost his touch? That's the question the United Kingdom was asking itself on Friday morning, after the governing Conservative party lost a parliamentary seat in a by-election that it had held for nearly 200 years. 
A day after the NFL was forced to postpone three Week 15 games as it grapples with a surge in Covid-19 cases among players, the league and the NFL Players Association updated the NFL's Covid-19 protocols, effective at the end of Week 15. 
The English Premier League match between Aston Villa and Burnley has been postponed due to an increased amount of positive Covid-19 test results within Villa's squad, the club announced on Saturday.
Red Bull Racing team principal Christian Horner says the decision to allow racing on the last lap of Sunday's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix was "the right thing."
A 27-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of child neglect and remains in police custody after four young boys died in a house fire in Sutton, south London, the city's Metropolitan Police said Friday.
Chelsea manager Emma Hayes said fears about a possible Covid-19 outbreak in the squad affected her team's performance in their 4-0 Women's Champions League defeat at Wolfsburg on Thursday.
Two of the top professional sports leagues in the country are tightening their Covid-19 protocols in response to the surge in cases.
Cristiano Ronaldo and his pregnant partner, Georgina Rodriguez, have revealed the sex of their unborn twins in a video that is likely to warm millions of hearts just in time for Christmas.
Max Verstappen's first Formula One world title panned out "way more intense" than he could have imagined but the Red Bull driver can finally enjoy his victory after Mercedes officially withdrew its appeal into how the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix finished.
Five children are dead and another four are critically injured after they fell 32 feet (10 meters) from a bouncy castle lifted into the air by wind at a school event in Australia.
Former NFL star Vincent Jackson, who died in February at the age of 38, was found to have Stage 2 CTE, researchers at the Concussion Legacy Foundation announced on Thursday.  
Patrick Mahomes threw a game-winning touchdown to tight-end Travis Kelce in overtime to clinch a thrilling comeback 34-28 win for the Kansas City Chiefs against the Los Angeles Charges on Thursday.
Los Angeles Chargers tight end Donald Parham Jr. is in a "stable condition" after he suffered a head injury during his team's overtime loss to the Kansas City Chiefs on Thursday. 
Boris Johnson's Conservatives on Friday lost control of a parliamentary seat they have dominated for nearly 200 years, ratcheting up the pressure on Johnson from his lawmakers, who are in mutinous mood after a series of crises and scandals.
There are some people out there for who even the word 'daredevil' doesn't quite do justice to the mind-boggling feats they perform.
Australian Open tournament director Craig Tiley said players applying for a medical exemption to participate in the grand slam without being vaccinated against Covid-19 will have their case reviewed by an independent three-person panel.
Czech Prime Minister Petr Fiala's new center-right government took office on Friday facing soaring inflation and energy costs, record budget deficits and the dragging Covid-19 pandemic.
They may be royal but they're still a family -- and just like the rest of us, the Windsors have their own holiday traditions and fun. 
Former Tonga rugby international Taniela Moa has died at the age of 36, the Tongan Rugby Union announced on Thursday.
The Chicago Blackhawks and Kyle Beach, the professional hockey player who said he was sexually assaulted by a former Blackhawks video coach in 2010, have reached a settlement, according to a joint statement from the team and Beach's attorney.
No head coach, starting quarterback, or full practice, and 18 players on the Covid-19 list -- pre-match preparations don't come any tougher for the Cleveland Browns. 
Manchester United announced on Thursday that its English Premier League home fixture against Brighton, which was to be played on Saturday, has been postponed due to "the number of players and support staff having to isolate due to Covid-19".
Just a week into the job, new German Chancellor Olaf Scholz finds himself confronting an increasingly radical anti-vaccination movement that, according to police, has plotted to murder elected officials and is actively threatening others. 
Urban Meyer has been fired after less than a year as head coach of the NFL's Jacksonville Jaguars, team owner Shad Khan said in a statement.
An album of recorded birdsong has managed to beat Christmas classics from Mariah Carey and Michael Bublé to make it into the top five of Australia's music charts, also leapfrogging ABBA and Justin Bieber.
The sale and carrying of plastic bottles is to be banned in French stadiums from July 2022, the French government announced Thursday in a statement. 
Hundreds of dinosaur footprints, so well-preserved that even the scaly skin can be seen, have been found in Poland, giving an insight into a complex ecosystem around 200 million years ago, geologists said.
Queen Elizabeth II has canceled a pre-Christmas family lunch as a precaution because of a surge in Covid-19 cases in the United Kingdom, a source at Buckingham Palace told CNN on Thursday.
The Dutch royal family threw an outdoor party for Princess Amalia's 18th birthday at the weekend that fell outside the government's Covid-19 guidelines, with King Willem-Alexander admitting it was "not right."
The season finale to the Formula One season has gotten a lot of people talking. 
Germany hasn't ordered enough vaccines nor stocked enough to keep its vaccination campaign going through the first quarter of the year, Health Minister Karl Lauterbach said on Tuesday, amid fears that the country's fourth wave of the pandemic might continue to spiral out of control.
Barcelona striker Sergio "Kun" Aguero announced on Wednesday that he would be retiring from football at the age of 33, after being recently diagnosed with a cardiac arrhythmia.
Robert Lewandowski equaled Gerd Muller's Bundesliga record for most goals scored in a single calendar year after Bayern Munich crushedd Stuttgart 5-0 on Wednesday. 
Cleveland Browns head coach Kevin Stefanski has tested positive for Covid-19 and is set to miss Saturday's game versus the Las Vegas Raiders in Cleveland, the Browns announced on Wednesday.
Lewis Hamilton was knighted on Wednesday, days after he narrowly missed out on a record eighth Formula One World Championship.
Boris Johnson suffered the worst crisis of his premiership on Tuesday night, as weeks of scandal and sleaze culminated in a mass rebellion by many of his own Conservative lawmakers. 
Read CNN's Fast Facts about Emmanuel Macron and learn more about the president of France.
Ten years ago, a user posted the following question on Reddit: "When Ray Allen finally retires, is Steph Curry the greatest threat to his 3P made records?"
Germany has summoned the Russian ambassador and expelled two Russian diplomats after a court ruled on Wednesday that Moscow had ordered the 2019 murder of a Georgian citizen in Berlin, German Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said.
With winter almost upon us and people spending more time indoors, Covid-19 cases have been rising. And sports groups and their players have not been spared. Here's a look at the latest Covid news from the NBA, NHL and NFL.
Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta says footballers are ready and "waiting" to take part in another social media boycott if companies don't clamp down on abuse on their platforms.
Australia's largest state, New South Wales (NSW), has announced its highest number of new Covid-19 cases in three months, with local officials attributing the rise to an outbreak of the highly transmissible Omicron variant.
The European Court of Human Rights on Tuesday ruled that Russia had not done enough to curb domestic violence and ordered Moscow to pay substantial compensation to four women who were victims of brutal attacks.
The 30 or so golf courses in the Salt Lake County of Utah drink up around nine million gallons of water a day to stay pristine green -- that's more than 13 Olympic-sized swimming pools. 
Sergey Tikhanovsky, the husband of Belarusian opposition leader Svetlana Tikhanovskaya, has been sentenced to 18 years in prison at a high-security penal colony, Belarusian state media BelTA reported on Tuesday. 
U.S. Open champion Emma Raducanu has tested positive for COVID-19 and will miss this week's Mubadala World Tennis Championship exhibition event in Abu Dhabi, the 19-year-old Briton said on Monday.
With winter almost upon us and people spending more time indoors, Covid-19 cases have been rising. And sports groups and their players have not been spared. Here's a look at the latest Covid news from the NBA, NHL and NFL.
Seven people were killed and four injured when a car with a Serbian license plate carrying migrants crashed into a house in Hungary late on Monday, after its driver refused to stop for a check, police said.
Tuesday's Premier League fixture between Brentford and Manchester United has been postponed due to a Covid-19 outbreak within the United squad as the league grapples with a surge in cases.
Just when you thought the Arizona Cardinals were running off with the NFC West division title, the Los Angeles Rams might have just thrown a spanner in the works. 
Paris 2024 organizers are expecting at least 600,000 to attend the Summer Olympics opening ceremony on the Seine as athletes and delegations will sail along the river to kick off the Games.
The UK's Covid response was in chaos on Tuesday, with the NHS website having crashed due to demand for Covid-19 booster appointments, lateral flow test kits no longer available to order online and people queuing for hours to get shots.
Las Vegas' Allegiant Stadium is expected to be announced as the of host Super Bowl LVIII in February 2024, according to the Las Vegas Review Journal and ESPN.
Malta is set to become the first European Union country to legalize cannabis for recreational use.
Before Sunday, Tom Brady had almost every all-time NFL quarterback record to his name -- and at the end of the day, he set another two milestone achievements. 
The UK's largest spy agency, GCHQ, has sent out its annual Christmas card -- with a set of puzzles aimed at inspiring young would-be secret agents. 
Real Madrid has now won its last 10 games in all competitions after victory against local rival Atlético Madrid on Sunday. 
Max Verstappen clinched his first Formula One World Championship after beating Lewis Hamilton in a controversial season finale at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on Sunday.
This Sunday, Max Verstappen clinched his first Formula One World Championship by beating Lewis Hamilton in a controversial season finale at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Verstappen was declared champion -- but only after both teams spent hours in the steward's box, after Hamilton's Mercedes team launched two protests against the hotly contested result, which were dismissed by officials.
Kevin Durant scored an NBA season high 51 points on Sunday night to help the Brooklyn Nets to a 116-104 win against the Detroit Pistons. 
The French territory of New Caledonia voted against independence in a referendum on Sunday, provisional results showed, amid a big drop in turnout due to a boycott of the vote by the independence movement.
Britain is facing a "tidal wave" of infections from the new Omicron coronavirus variant, ministers have warned, as they sound the alarm on rapid transmission rates in London and across the country.
Paris Saint-Germain will play Real Madrid in a star-studded Champions League Round-of-16 tie after fixtures were redrawn following a technical error.
Bayern Munich star Joshua Kimmich says he should have been vaccinated sooner after suffering a lung problem due to Covid-19.
The Swedish Coast Guard is investigating whether alcohol contributed to an early Monday morning cargo ship crash in the Baltic Sea. 
The orange army descended on the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix early in the day, bringing with them noise, color and confidence.
Anne Sacoolas, the US woman accused of killing a British teenager while driving on the wrong side of the road in England, is expected to face criminal proceedings in the UK early next year, the UK Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) said Monday.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has lamented the collapse of the Soviet Union three decades ago as the demise of what he called "historical Russia," and said the economic crisis that followed was so bad he was forced to moonlight as a taxi driver.
Russian President Vladimir Putin told his US counterpart Joe Biden he would "really like" to meet for more talks, according to a video clip released by Russian state TV on Sunday from the leaders' virtual call on Tuesday.
At least three people have died and six others remain missing after a building collapsed in the Sicilian town of Ravanusa early Sunday morning, according to Italian fire service Vigili del Fuoco and news agency ANSA.
Samuel Eto'o has been elected president of the Cameroon Football Federation (FECAFOOT) after winning a vote on Saturday. 
The Denver Broncos on Sunday honored its former star wide receiver, Demaryius Thomas, who died suddenly last week at age 33.
A photo of British Prime Minister Boris Johnson hosting a Christmas quiz party at 10 Downing Street last year that allegedly broke Covid-19 restrictions at the time has been published by British newspaper The Mirror.
A stolen Hublot watch that belonged to Diego Maradona has been recovered by police in India's northeastern state Assam, one year on from the Argentinian football legend's death. 
A bishop in Spain has had his clerical powers removed following his marriage to a "transgressive" author of erotica with satanic undertones.
When the Washington Football Team (WFT) started their season 2-6 and the Dallas Cowboys began 6-1, the race for the NFC East division title looked like a done deal. 
Bryce Young was awarded the Heisman Memorial Trophy for the 2021 college football season Saturday night in New York City's Lincoln Center, in the 87th annual ceremony for the sport's most prestigious honor.
College football's most prestigious honor will be awarded on Saturday night in New York City. Any name other than Bryce Young's being declared as the winner of the Heisman Memorial Trophy would be a huge upset. The University of Alabama quarterback is the overwhelming favorite according to Las Vegas bookmakers heading into the 87th annual ceremony.
South African authorities have arrested a convicted Portuguese banker that had fled from the country in mid-September.
This weekend either Lewis Hamilton or Max Verstappen will be crowned the Formula One world champion. Either way, the sport won big in 2021. 
Max Verstappen will start on pole position for his title showdown against Lewis Hamilton at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on Sunday. 
The bishop of Noto in Sicily stunned schoolchildren last week when he dropped a bombshell during an arts festival -- telling them Father Christmas wasn't real.
Chess is now marketable, and since its popularity boomed during the pandemic and following the release of hit Netflix series The Queen's Gambit, the game is now turning over serious profits, and sharing the wealth. 
Boris Johnson must be sick of the sound of sleigh bells by now.
Demaryius Thomas, who played 10 seasons in the NFL and is considered one of the best wide receivers in Denver Broncos history, was found dead at his home in Roswell, Georgia, according to officials. He was 33 years old.
Magnus Carlsen defended his World Chess Championship crown on Friday after defeating Ian Nepomniachtchi in three hours and 20 minutes to take Game 11 and his fifth title. 
The Duchess of Cambridge's Christmas spectacular offered a glimpse of the Queen she may become.
Superstar LeBron James became just the fifth player in NBA history to reach 100 triple-doubles for his career, but his feat was marred by the Los Angeles Lakers' 108-95 loss to the Memphis Grizzlies on Thursday.
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas -- and Britain's royal family are getting ready by releasing their Christmas cards. 
The Minnesota Vikings endured a late Pittsburgh Steelers rally to keep their playoff hopes alive with a 36-28 victory on Thursday Night Football. 
US authorities have won their bid to overturn a British judge's ruling that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange should not be extradited to face charges in the United States, on the basis of assurances given about his treatment there.
Formula One's script writers have served up a season fit for Hollywood this season, but will the finale stick the landing?
Legendary race car driver Al Unser Sr. died Thursday at his home in Chama, New Mexico, the president of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway (IMS) announced. 
A Colombian football player announced he and his teammates have received death threats following a controversial match in Colombia on Saturday.
British Prime Minister Boris Johnson's press chief gave out joke awards and made a thank you speech at a Downing Street party on December 18 last year while London was under strict lockdown, according to CNN affiliate ITV.
Finnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin apologized to the public on Wednesday after a photo surfaced of her in a nightclub following the foreign minister testing positive for Covid-19.
Steph Curry edged closer to becoming the NBA's all-time leader in three pointers as the Golden State Warriors beat the Portland Trail Blazers 104-94 on Wednesday night. 
The next time you're in a car traveling along the freeway at 70 miles per hour, see what it feels like when you thrust your hand out of the window -- it's an intense sensation.
"I'm pissed off," a furious Xavi told reporters following Barcelona's 3-0 defeat to Bayern Munich in the Champions League. "This is our reality and I'm pissed off."
Australia, the United Kingdom and Canada will join the United States in a diplomatic boycott of the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics, the leaders of the three countries said Wednesday.
Ukrainian defense officials say Russia has increased troop numbers near the Ukrainian border to 120,000 people, including additional army, air force and naval personnel.  
UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson and his wife Carrie Johnson have announced the birth of a "healthy baby girl," according to the UK's Press Association. The baby was born on Thursday morning at a London hospital.
The Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League could potentially be without access to their home arena later this month if delinquent taxes and back rent aren't paid, according to a letter sent to team ownership from Glendale city manager Kevin Phelps.
Brazilian soccer legend Pelé has been hospitalized for chemotherapy treatment of a colon tumor Wednesday, a spokesperson at Sao Paulo's Albert Einstein hospital confirmed to CNN.
British cyclist Mark Cavendish says he was attacked by four masked men in his home last month. 
Mercedes' F1 team announced on Wednesday that it has "mutually agreed" to end its partnership with a firm whose insulation was used in the Grenfell Tower before the deadly fire in London which killed 72 people in 2017.
Boris Johnson has faced many scandals in his more than two years as UK Prime Minister. But the latest one is the gravest yet.
Even the joyful news of a healthy, new-born baby can't distract from the fact that Boris Johnson's bad week isn't getting any better, politically speaking. 
Sam Kerr knocked a pitch invader to the ground on Wednesday evening during Chelsea's 0-0 draw with Juventus in the Women's Champions League and was shown a yellow card for it afterwards. 
There's growing evidence of a link between football and dementia, but UK-based Rezzil's virtual reality training environment might help provide a solution.
Read CNN's Fast Facts about Angela Merkel, Germany's first female chancellor. 
Tiger Woods will make his competitive return to golf next week at a $1 million tournament playing with his son Charlie.
Novak Djokovic has been named on the entry list for next month's Australian Open, while Serena Williams has withdrawn on medical grounds. 
Meet Germany's activists and politicians determined to help open the door for immigrants and other non-German citizens to vote.  
Germany recorded its highest number of daily deaths from Covid-19 since February on Wednesday, as it struggles to bring a fourth wave of the pandemic under control.
Kylian Mbappé and Lionel Messi put on a show as Paris Saint-Germain beat Club Brugge 4-1 in the Champions League on Tuesday.
The International Olympic Committee has defended its handling of Chinese tennis player Peng Shuai's disappearance from public life as "quiet diplomacy," amid criticism of its approach. 
Barcelona crashed out of this season's Champions League after a 3-0 defeat to Bayern Munich on Wednesday. 
Olaf Scholz has been sworn in as Germany's new Chancellor on Wednesday, bringing to an end Angela Merkel's four terms at the helm of Europe's largest economy.
Australia and England take to the field for the first Test on Wednesday of the highly-anticipated Ashes series, with both teams burdened by off-pitch scandals in recent weeks.
Read CNN's Fast Facts on musician, songwriter, author and founding member of the Rolling Stones, Keith Richards.
England collapsed on the first day of the opening Test of The Ashes on Wednesday, eventually being bowled out by Australia for 147. 
Atlético Madrid beat Porto 3-1 in a bad-tempered clash to steal a place in the knockout stages of the Champions League.
The Los Angeles Lakers saved their best performance of the season for their historic rivals, as an offensive clinic saw off the Boston Celtics 117-102 on Tuesday night.
Oyster populations have plunged by 95% in the UK, but the Glenmorangie Distillery is helping to restore their numbers in Scotland's Dornoch Firth.
Flashing lights on the side of the track -- a bit like a disco -- and snazzy "made to fly" Nike spikes played a part in delivering two world records in the space of an hour in Valencia, Spain on Wednesday as track and field fans got a glimpse of what the future might hold for the sport.
Borussia Dortmund star Jude Bellingham has been fined $45,000 (40,000 euros) for comments he made about referee Felix Zwayer following his side's 3-2 defeat against Bayern Munich on Saturday.
The New England Patriots edged out the Buffalo Bills 14-10 on a blustery night at the Highmark Stadium in Buffalo to extend their winning streak to seven games.
Thousands of desperate Afghans were unable to flee the Taliban following the fall of Kabul because the British government's response to the crisis was disorganized and slow, a whistleblower has claimed.
Karenjeet Kaur Bains started her sporting life as a sprinter, but when she took up powerlifting at the age of 17 -- initially to get faster and more explosive for athletics -- her focus soon changed. 
Medina Spirit is set to undergo a postmortem to determine the cause of the Kentucky Derby-winning horse's sudden death at Santa Anita racetrack in Southern California, according to the California Horse Racing Board (CHRB). 
Ukrainian Defense Minister Oleksiy Reznikov has told CNN there will be a "really bloody massacre" if Russia decides to invade Ukraine, and warned that "Russian guys also will come back in the coffins," amid heightened alarm about troop movements on the nations' border.
Novak Djokovic was named in Serbia's team for the men's season-opening ATP Cup in January in Sydney, although the world No. 1 has yet to commit to the Australian Open following the organizers' mandate for Covid-19 vaccinations.
Nearly 70 nurses and doctors working in the intensive care unit at a Spanish hospital have tested positive for Covid-19 after attending a Christmas party, health authorities said on Monday.
The winner of the Heisman will be announced Saturday.
Kentucky Derby-winning horse Medina Spirit died Monday at Santa Anita racetrack in Southern California, according to the California Horse Racing Board (CHRB).
It's a football uniform with a difference -- it has a QR code which, when scanned, will direct users to a web page to learn more about the issues of sportswashing and alleged human rights abuses that surround the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
When Henrik Stenson pointed out to Jordan Spieth that his tee was slightly ahead of the marker, the American thought he must've narrowly avoided disaster. 
After 15 games without a victory across a period of almost a year, the Detroit Lions' winless run has finally come to an end. 
The governing body of tennis, the International Tennis Federation (ITF), has not suspended tournaments in China because it "does not want to punish a billion people," its president said Sunday. 
French far-right presidential candidate Eric Zemmour promised on Sunday a "reconquest" against decades of decline at his first political rally, as scuffles with anti-racism protesters broke out on its fringes.
A new NBA margin of victory record was set on Thursday, as the Memphis Grizzlies obliterated the Oklahoma City Thunder 152-79 in Tennessee.
László Polgár is an educational psychologist who believes a child can excel at anything if pushed.
When history looks back on this year's Tokyo Olympics, images of masked athletes and empty stadiums will likely be the defining feature. But look beyond the Covid-19 protocols and it will be clear this was a Games with more than one story to tell. 
Lewis Hamilton and Max Verstappen's rivalry continued to heat up on Sunday -- both on and off the track -- at an action-packed Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, as the Mercedes driver won his third consecutive race to go level on points with the Dutchman in the driver standings with one race remaining in the Formula One season.
Pope Francis met with refugees on the Greek island of Lesbos Sunday, his second trip to the island -- which has become a symbol of the migrant crisis -- in five years.
Belgian police clashed with protesters and used water cannons in Brussels on Sunday during a demonstration against the government's Covid-19 measures. 
The Alabama Crimson Tide, Michigan Wolverines, Georgia Bulldogs and the Cincinnati Bearcats will compete in the College Football Playoff, the selection committee announced on Sunday.
Longtime Atlanta Falcons defensive end and Pro Football Hall of Famer Claude Humphrey has died at the age of 77.
Ralf Rangnick's first game in charge of Manchester United ended in a 1-0 victory against Crystal Palace on Sunday. 
Real Madrid moved eight points clear at the top of La Liga after a 2-0 victory against Real Sociedad on Saturday. 
The Duke of Cambridge will take listeners on a walk down memory lane when he joins forces with Apple Fitness+ for a special festive episode of its "Time To Walk" audio series.
Margaux Pinot, a judoka with the French national team, plans to appeal a decision by a Paris court to not pursue a conviction against her partner, whom she accuses of domestic abuse, her lawyer for the appeal Rachid Madid told CNN on Friday.
The 2021 NCAA college football season has looked a lot different than 2020: stadiums are packed with fans, the tailgates, the marching bands and the cheerleaders are back, too.
A rare sea turtle and dozens of seal pups have been washed onto the UK's beaches after the country was hit by Storm Arwen last week that brought strong winds and the deaths of three people. 
On October 5, 2013, Adnan Januzaj made his mark in a big way. 
Lewis Hamilton has said he is "not comfortable" racing in Saudi Arabia ahead of the penultimate race of the Formula One season, which takes place in Jeddah on Sunday. 
New Zealand spinner  became only the third bowler to pick up all 10 wickets in an innings in international cricket, achieving the feat against India in the second test at the Wankhede Stadium.
Los Angeles Lakers' LeBron James is cleared to return to play after a brief stint isolated from his team due to the NBA's Covid-19 health and safety protocols. 
The National Football League has suspended three players, including Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver Antonio Brown, for three games without pay following a league investigation that determined the three violated Covid-19 protocols. Buccaneers safety Mike Edwards and free agent wide receiver John Franklin III, who has been on the Bucs' practice squad, were the other players suspended.
Germany's military honored Chancellor Angela Merkel with their highest ceremony for a civilian on Thursday, complete with an eclectic mix of music personally selected by the outgoing leader and punctuated by an emotional speech.
A 50-year-old man tried to pass off a silicone arm as his own at a Covid-19 vaccination clinic in northern Italy, in an attempt to get a vaccine certificate without actually getting vaccinated.
Germany on Thursday announced a nationwide lockdown for the unvaccinated, as its leaders backed plans for mandatory vaccinations in the coming months.
At least 13 people in Oslo have been infected with the Omicron variant of the coronavirus following a corporate Christmas party described as a "superspreader event," and their numbers could rise to over 60 cases, authorities said on Friday.
A man dressed like a ninja was shot by French police after he attempted to attack two officers with a sword in the western city of Cherbourg on Thursday, authorities said.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) held a second call with Peng Shuai on Wednesday and said that the Chinese tennis star "reconfirmed" that she was safe and well given the "difficult situation" she is in, the sporting organization said on Thursday.
Human rights activist Peter Dahlin says the International Olympic Committee's calls with Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai are putting her at "greater risk" and that they are "obviously staged."
We were invited to join the heir to the throne's flight to Bridgetown, Barbados to cover the celebrations marking the Queen's removal as the island's head of state.
Norway's annual Christmas tree gift to London provoked unseasonably abrupt responses on Thursday, including demands that the 24-meter (78 foot) Norwegian spruce be replaced, after it appeared to be less than symmetrical with some broken branches.
The National Basketball Association's (NBA) Portland Trail Blazers have fired president of basketball operations Neil Olshey after an independent review into concerns and complaints around the workplace environment, the team announced on Friday.
After playing for clubs in five different countries over a 15-year period, Axel Witsel's thoughts are starting to turn towards home.
First-team coach Andrew Gale, Director of Cricket Martyn Moxon and all members of Yorkshire County Cricket Club's (YCCC) coaching staff have left, the team announced in a statement on Friday, amid an ongoing racism scandal's fallout.
Just as lockdowns have become a part of pandemic life, the rapidly emerging view in Europe is that vaccine mandates are not just plausible — they could pay off.
Lamine Diack, the former head of world athletics' governing body, has died aged 88.
Manchester United bounced back from conceding one of the most unusual goals you're ever likely to see to eventually beat Arsenal 3-2 in Thursday's Premier League clash.
Mercedes entered the 2021 Formula One season seeking an eighth-consecutive drivers' and constructors' championship double.
London Metropolitan Police are investigating a video that appeared to show a group of men spitting at group of Jewish people celebrating Hanukkah earlier this week.
If Mohamed Salah and Karim Benzema felt wronged by their Ballon d'Or rankings, then the pair begun their revenge arcs in the most emphatic way possible on Wednesday.
Austria's Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said in a televised speech he was stepping down from his office Saturday evening following corruption allegations.
Louisiana State University announced Tuesday morning Brian Kelly has been hired as the school's head football coach. Kelly will be introduced on Wednesday.
Pope Francis arrived in Cyprus Thursday, where he called on residents to "welcome and integrate one another," referencing the divisions that the migrant crisis has sowed on the island nation.
The collective bargaining agreement between Major League Baseball and the players' union expired at 11:59 p.m. ET on Wednesday, leading to the first official work stoppage in professional baseball since the 1994-95 seasons. 
The Women's Tennis Association (WTA) chairman and CEO Steve Simon has announced an immediate suspension of all WTA tournaments in China, including Hong Kong, saying it's based on a lack of transparency by Chinese officials over Peng Shuai's sitution
Four-time major winner Rory McIlroy has defended players' rights to compete in the Saudi International next year.
Christian Eriksen is training at the Danish club where he played as a youth footballer as the Denmark midfielder continues his recovery from a cardiac arrest he suffered at Euro 2020. 
Pope Francis has accepted the resignation of Michel Aupetit from the position of Archbishop of Paris following reports that Aupetit had a consensual "intimate relationship" with a woman.
Four people have been injured in an explosion caused by an old aircraft bomb near a busy train station in the German city of Munich, police said Wednesday.
LeBron James was sidelined by the NBA's Covid-19 health and safety protocols and, as a result, missed Tuesday's game against the Sacramento Kings, a team spokesperson confirmed to CNN. 
One in three people working in Australia's Parliament have experienced sexual harassment, a report published on Tuesday said, following an independent inquiry into parliamentary workplace culture.
Scottish rugby international Siobhan Cattigan has died at the age of 26, Stirling County rugby club confirmed on Tuesday.  
An 18-year-old, competing in a historically male-dominated discipline, thousands of miles from home.
England Women recorded their biggest ever competitive victory by hammering Latvia 20-0 in Tuesday's World Cup qualifier.
French side Troyes has alleged that South Korean striker Suk Hyun-jun was racially abused during the club's game against Marseille on Sunday. 
The Australian Open's Covid-19 vaccine mandate is about protecting the community, not about "blackmailing" Novak Djokovic, a state government official said on Wednesday.
Four golfers scheduled to play in the South African Open have been forced to withdraw after testing positive for Covid-19, the tournament announced on Thursday. 
Long-time International Olympic Committee (IOC) member Dick Pound has said that the "unanimous conclusion" by those on a call with Chinese tennis star Peng Shuai is that she is "fine."
A Norwegian technology company has found a way to stop livestock slurry from releasing methane, a greenhouse gas that has around 80 times more global warming power than carbon-dioxide.
Tiger Woods is the rarest of athletes. At his peak, he transcended his sport. People who couldn't care less about golf watched in their millions on Sunday afternoons to see him roar. So the 15-time major champ's announcement that he is calling time on life as a full-time pro feels like the end of an era. 
